A meaningless course.
All accounting student must take this course.
The first lecture will be the course introduction and the faculty meeting
The second lecture will be the teaching of the writing of CV
The following four lectures will have guest speakers from different industries to to have a talk.
After each lecture, you can choose to write a personal reflection on what the guest speaker says within a week. You need to submit at least two but not more than three personal reflections.There is no teaching from Prof Mak and David.Members of the accounting profession are expected to demonstrate high professional standard. Thus, professionalism is important to your career success. Your professional training begins in the undergraduate study at university. The course aims to deepen students’ understanding of the accounting profession and facilitate their career planning. An emphasis is also placed on ethics and the development of professionalism.Throughout the program, you are required to attend all workshops and talks organised by the faculty every week. The faculty invited business leaders to come to lectures to give you some insights on accounting industry and your career path, examples of guests were EY audit partner, CPA Australia representative, mediator, etc.No teaching at allvery detailed, quite interesting as he will teach tort law and employment law (as I have part time) so it really boarden my horizon.

but the notes are VERY DISORGANISED with wrong use of bulletin pointsa funny guy who keeps on talking. he is nice as wellThere will be some technical terms which you must understand, but it will not be too difficult to handleQuite fun
Charles is humorous
He can turn difficult content into simple conceptsAs long as you attend all lectures and take notes of what he wrote on the board, you can definitely handle the mid-term and final. Questions won't be too difficult. You can carry a piece of cheat sheet to exam. Simply copy all relevant information you will be secured a good grade :)Only a mini group project and easy presentation
It will not be too intenseThis course introduces the legal framework business in Hong Kong operate in and enables us to understand how the society and businesses function in different socio-legal contexts.

Topics included:
Corporate Law
      Types of business organizations
      Incorporation formalities of a company
Legal System from Socio-legal Perspectives
      Criminal law vs civil law
      Sources of law in Hong Kong
      Judicial system in Hong Kong
      Misrepresentation
      Exemption/limitation clauses
Contract Law
      Different types of contract
      Elements of a contract
      Terms of a contract
      Validity of a contract and its vitiating factors
Tort Law
      Contract vs tort
      Various types of tort
      Vicarious liability
      Negligence
Employment Law
      Importance of human resource
      Tests of employer-and-employee relationship
      Duties of employer and employee
      Termination of employment
      Current issues in employment law
Business Ethics
      Insider dealing
      Auditors
      Ethic PLUS model

Charles will also discuss with us a number of vignettes of hypothetical cases in which clients are seeking legal advice. We are expected to identify the legal issues involved, discuss the relevant legal principles and apply them to resolve the issues (This framework will be used very often when answering questions in the exam).

The content is extremely useful in clarifying common legal misconceptions in our daily lives and notifying us of proper legal actions that should be taken in case of a breach of the law.

Note that this course has little to do with accounting. NOT recommended for year 1 (except for those genii) or anyone not sufficiently proficient in English - this is far too demanding for a year-1 student. You'll suffer if your English doesn't meet the requirements - this is a law course after all.Charles is a funniest guy on Earth. He illustrates legal concepts by bringing in lots of funny examples (some of them are his real experience lol). He's also extremely kind to us, and willing to answer questions when we got stuck on the group project.

However his notes are a little bit messy, so make sure you organize them well. We're also required to jot down a lot of notes in the lessons cuz these are very likely to appear on exams. If you skip his lessons, good luck in the exams.Provided useful introductory content on legal system, employment law, contract law, and tort law.Lectures are relatively easy to follow and the professor is really considerate towards students.Taking notes in class is important since some are not included in the ppt but will be tested on the exam. Didn't spend much time after class but still end up with an A.Cheat sheets are allowed for both the midterm and final, so it would not be strictly memorization. The group essay assignment involves interesting topic and wouldn't be time-consuming if you coordinate with your group well.This course mainly talk about law in Hong Kong including employment law, contract law, tort law, legal system, case law and so on. It really enrich my horizon in law and I have learnt to use law to protect my own interest in my daily life.teaching is quite funny and not boring. Charles will use a lot of case to illustrate the law. For the exam, just make sure that you attend all the lesson and jot notes. Exam question would be about what he taught in class, with cheat sheet.the course covers:
1. Formation of Company
2. Legal system
3. Contract Law
4. Tort Law
5. Employment law
6. Business Ethics

the syllabus has been reduced. So it should not be a problem.The way Charles teaches is really funny. He always uses examples to illustrate the law and it does help you to remember the details.

You really need to pay attention to the class and should not skip too many classes as there are some points that you cannot find on the teaching materials will be asked in the examinations.The content is broad, which gives you an overview of what is law and how it looks like. It includes big topic in law like Tort law, Employment Law, Contract law, etc.
It also includes some other parts like Ethics and Legal System of HKThe teaching style is very local and traditional. You will be busying to jot down all the notes as he will keep writing down key points and they are all very important and cannot be found elsewhere in his ppt or pdf.The content of this course is actually quite interesting. Topics include company formation, tort, employment, contract and business ethics.Charles can make law topics quite interesting with his examples and cases. Delivery is quite clear and content is relatively easy to understand.I got above 0.2 sd for midterm. Scores for final and the project is not released. I expected B range but got an A in the end. Make sure to have good groupmates to carry you as group project topics can range from minimum wage to Anglo-American corporate governance system. Go to lectures and take notes as they will be useful in the midterm and final.Workload is not really high. If you attend all the lectures, I believe you can revise and prepare for the exams in a relatively short period of time (1 day is usually enough). You can also copy all the notes on the cheat sheet. For the project, if you have good group members, you only have to finish your part (~800 words per person) so it is easy to handle.It covers six topics in total: Corporate Law, Legal System, Contract Law, Tort Law, Employment Law, Business Ethics.

Since it is an entry-level course of business law, the prof didn't dig deeply into the topics but still provide detailed explanations of each law.The teaching materials include lecture slides, supplementary notes and discussion questions for each topic in separate files. However, during the class, the prof sometimes jump between the slides and other materials and you may get lost easily.

There are loads of notes written by the prof on the whiteboard for each class and you are highly suggested to copy all the notes in order to get higher marks for the midterm and exam. It would be even better if you copy all the words he said which some of them may not be on the whiteboard.Very useful course as an entry-level course in Business Law. I absolutely enjoy this course and it provides you with a lot of legal knowledge to protect yourself as you enter society.

Topics:
Corporate Law
Legal System
Contract Law
Tort Law
Employment Law
Business EthicsThe prof's lecture PPTs, supplementary notes and discussion questions were not organized in 1 single place. He would jump from PPT to the notes and then back to the PPT. So it's best if you have all the lecture materials ready before class.

During class, you would have to copy down everything he wrote on the whiteboard, because these would be highly likely to come up in the exam.

The prof is a hilarious guy. He applies business law to everyday life.Basic legal stuff you knowCharles is a funny guy. He fed me lots of useful and important information of the project when my team asked him how to do it. He is definitely helpful when it comes to school work.Outline of the course:
1. Corporate law
2. Legal System from socio-legal perspectives part 1
3. Legal System from socio-legal perspectives part 2
4. The Law of Contract
5. The Law of Torts
6. Employment Law
7. Business Ethics ( Charles was not able to cover it due to time limit this semester)Extremely good!!!

Professor is very friendly and able to clarify the concept clearly.  Not only provide many cases as example to explain each law, he tried to cracking jokes, but mostly only local students can understand it.Corporate law, legal system, misrepresentation, contract law, tort law, employement law.Charles has sense of humour (tho his punch lines repeats every year), he can always give very funny example to explain concepts and cases.The grading is fair. If you are a hard working student, who will attend every of his single class, and jot down every word he mentioned, it is not hard to get an A. I mean, really every single word! Mid-term is relatively easy comparing to final exam, you are mainly tested with the content that has not printed out, please attend his lecture if possible. Cheat sheet is allowed to bring to assist your final examination, so you don't have to remember all the stuff in the final.Workload is fair. One mid-term, a group eassy and presentation, and final examination.1. Corporate Law:
2. Legal System
3. Contract Law
4. Tort Law
5. Employment Lawprofessor is very funny and always gives you case examples in class. this will come out in exams for sure. but he speaks very fast make sure you bring your laptop and just take notes on everything he said in class. Charles is a really nice guy he replies to every of my email but sometimes he's just not fast enoughThe first half of the course covers the legal system in Hong Kong and contract law. The second half covers business ethics, tort law and employment law.

A very useful course as it will enhance your understanding of law especially when we don't have any legal background

The prof. loves Confucianism and tries to relate it to business ethics issues.Charles is a very presentable professor. He is probably one of the best lecturers that I have ever met. He actively answers students' questions and always uses different interesting examples to explain the legal principles. He also teaches some useful answering techniques for the exams.Content is good as it will give you a good glimpse into Hong Kong's legal system. Overall this aspect is good.

Charles is obviously very pro-Confucian and tries to promote Confucian ethics mixed with law. Unfortunately, this leaves a lot to be desired. I don't think this is relevant to this course.Charles has a very entertaining style of teaching where he makes a boring subject like law fun and interesting. Its worth attending his lectures, even for entertainment.Accounting major required course. In fall semester, only accounting major students can register for this course.
Ch1 Corporate Law
Ch2 Legal System from socio-legal perspectives I
Ch3 Legal System from socio-legal perspectives II
Ch4 The Law of Contract
Ch5 The Law of Torts
Ch6 Employment Law
Ch7 Insider Dealing
Ch8 Business Ethics and CSR
Ch9 Auditors and Ethics Plus ModelTeaching is bad. The professor is speaking too fast, powerpoint slides do not cover everything. Only bullet points exist on slides. There are many supplementary notes and questions. Some of the contents are mentioned in the ppt slides. The content will be a little bit messy when you revise.A required course for accounting student. I think it is not only useful for accounting students, but also business students. And all students should know a bit about employment law to protect themselves from their employers.

you don't need to buy the expensive textbook because Charles will only test on the stuff he taught in class.

Outline of the course:
1. Corporate law
2. Legal System from socio-legal perspectives part 1
3. Legal System from socio-legal perspectives part 2
4. The Law of Contract
5. The Law of Torts
6. Employment Law
7. Business EthicsA funny guy, always make people laugh, always turn the air-con to very low temperature!! freezingggg. Anyway, he is a super good guy.

His note is a bit messy. you need to organize the note before exam but it shouldn't be a big problem.The course teaches about law in business. There are altogether 7 topics. Additional material and textbook reading is not required. All you need to do is understand everything on ppt and things discussed in class.The professor will talk about many additional knowledge in class which is important because they will be asked in midterm or final. There is also some in class discussion question (not calculated towards final grade), these are important too as midterm and final  are actually base on those question. Cheatsheet is allowed in both midterm and final.The contents are quite useful as they cover some basic laws that we might face in daily life. Like, tort law, contract law, etc. I enjoy studying the materials and the contents of the course are well-prepared. There are some case studies in ppts and supplementary notes. There ARE quite a lot of content to remember though. You got to remember the details of each law. It sounds hard but it is not too much if you pay attention in class and understand the content.Charles gives clear presentation and always answer any question from students after class. He is a nice guy and his teaching arouses my interest in laws. I paid attention in most classes though occasionally doze off on the days after I slept late. It is better to pay attention though as you have to jot down a lot of notes when Charles explain a lot in class. You might not understand only depending on the ppts. Better get a friend cover for you so even you accidentally skip a class you get the notes. Originally I print 6 pages on one paper but I changed to 3 pages on one so I got more space to jot notes. That's how much the notes are!-discussion:use of cases to apply the laws learnt
-topics: tort law, contract law
-group project: allowed to form your own group+ presentation-use of both ppt, supplementary notes and discussion
-the notes itself is not enough, have to attend his lesson to jot down notes
-he talks pretty clearly and has quite a sense of humor
-ve:
Sometimes it's quite complicating to study with both supplementary notes and ppt as they overlap at timesThe cases discussed are interesting. And not as many things as you may think need to memorize.
But you have to attend all the lesson and write down all the things he says.
Because you cannot rely on the ppt.The teaching style is good.
You won't feel bored at al.Overall, the content covers the business law of HK. With many cases explained in class, it enables better understanding of the legislation and how the law applies to daily life. If you are interested in law, it will be a good starting point though as a 3000 level course.The professor is soooo cute >~<
He is responsible and whenever you ask questions, he explains diligently. He is also easy to find and spend time chatting with you. However, a minor downside part would be that cases may be able to organize in a better way with logic.The course covers several topics like Basic concepts of law, The legal system in HK/China, Contract law, Employment law, Tort law and Business ethics. Don't be afraid of law, this course only covers some basic and fundamental concepts, so be ease.The professor is so really nice, whenever we have problems, he shows his helping hand to us immediately. Originally, I thought law is boring, but Charles likes to make some jokes in order to make the lesson more funny. It is easy to understand what he said during the lesson.The topics are incredibly interesting if you'd like to understand a bit of the basics of business law. The course covers the fundamentals of each topic (Basic concepts of law, the legal system in HK/China, contract law, employment law, tort law and business ethics).

You don't need to be afraid of the course code - trust me. I chose this course last semester because there was really nothing else to take. I thought it'd be awful but it turned out to be the best course choice by far.Charles is super friendly and likes to make lots of jokes (though no one laughs). He uses powerpoints and a ton of word documents that contain 'past paper questions'. A typical class consists of him going through the powerpoints and then applies the concepts you just learned in the questions. You can feel free to interrupt him at any point in time to ask questions - he's always happy to clarify.

Attendance is not compulsory even though there are 'participation points'. BUT if you want to do well (which I presume you do), you NEED TO GO TO CLASS. Charles' PPT & notes (which he uploads to LMES) are not comprehensive enough. He often adds additional information. If you're a fan of taking a lot of notes and then exactly regurgitating everything the professor says then this is the class for you, seriously.The topics are quite interesting but also easy to follow, if you can put effort. The course introduces you with the basic concepts of law, such as the legal system in Hong Kong, the employment law, the tort law, the contract law, and the business ethics. It must be emphasized, although the course is with the course code above 3000, it is only an introduction to law. So, it is okay for you to pick the topics up. The most important thing is your effort.The instructor is a good one. Not only can he explain the abstract concepts of laws clearly with a variety of examples in real-life, but he sometimes makes some jokes so that the lessons are not boring at all. He can cater to the needs of the students, and he welcomes questions. Actually, what is the most important in the lessons is not the notes he distribute, but what he has discussed in the lessons.Content is fun and useful. Course is about general business law such as what contributes to negligence. Highly recommend students from all field study this course.Charles provide ppt slides and supplement notes but taking notes is very important during class as his ppt may not cover all materials included in exams.must attend all the lecture and drop the notes he write on board，it will be test in the exam.
lecture notes (ppt) is long as hell... expecially in the final though is not cumulative but things is still many to memorizevery interesting，never fall asleep in classThis is a fina course. Professor always talks about stocks, how he short them and earn a fortune. At last, he didnt have enough time to finish the whole acct syllabus. This was a good news to me because those were not in the exam.I like his teaching style. I love finance stuff. Moreover, acct and fina are closely related.The beginning of the class involves mostly topics that have been taught and tested in the DSE BAFs curriculum. It is easier for BAFs students to catch up. Nonetheless, terms and accounting format may be a little bit different, so it may take some time for you to adapt to it.Quite a lot of interaction in class. Often encourage students to answer questions during class. Marks will be awarded to those who answered.The course provides us first insight towards Accounting stuff. If you are a new guy towards accounting, perhaps you'd better buy a textbook for your reference to build your concept. Only relying the powerpoint notes is not sufficient to deal with Homework and Quizzes.Teaching is fine, fluctuated teaching speed. But if you have anything don't understand COMPLETELY, don't hesitate to find Prof CHEN, she is quite nice to clear your misconceptions. Be Active!It is a foundation of accounting. The content mainly include the DSE BAFS syllabus. Therefore, it is easy for BAFS student to catch up and get a good grade.   However, the term she used maybe different from what we learn from secondary school.She will use some current business issue in her teaching which made what she teach is useful and applicable. She care whether student can catch up with the content. If you have any question, you can ask her in canvas discussion. She will respond you in detail.Simple accounting concept. Should be manageable even if you did not take bafs.Very helpful and kind. She always teaches materials that are not included in the textbook, so do attend lectures. Will recommend taking her classes if you want to build a solid foundation in accounting.All about the 4 financial statements.Since there was only one month, the teaching was a little bit too rush. Actually, the instructor's English was not that good. You had to spent some time to understand what he said. Sometimes, the instructor just copied words from the textbook and didn't really understand them. So, you'd better spend some time after class.The class content seems to be narrower than other professors. He teaches the content quiet slowly and have cut some syllabus.

The content of this course is more conceptual than the DSE BAFS accounting module. There are some difference on accounting treatments between DSE and ACCT2010 course. But Who had accounting background should catch up easily. While who don't have the background should spend more time to understand the concept and accounting procedures.The professor teaches the concept quiet clearly and patiently. He could always provides interesting examples for explaining accounting concepts, but his tone is somehow boring.

He is also willing to share his advice and experience in accounting industry to students after classes. Who are passionate on accountancy may get interesting insight from him.Content of the course is pretty useful
I still can gain insight even i studied accounting before
It does not only emphasise in calculation but also concepts

Distribution:
Miniexams x 3 (13%@)
Final exam 40%
Participation 5%
In Class Assignment 10% (1%@)
Project 6%Prof Ho teaches quite well
A lot of examples with a clear ppt
You can find a lot of description right below the notes of the pptCovers basic accounting theoriesWould be easy to follow if you've taken acct dse before, but many students find it difficult since the ones who've taken dse and the ones who haven't (which is the majority) study this course together.If you have studied BAFS before, it would be easier for you . If not , you don't need to worry a lot because it is not that difficult to understand the content. So, do not feel discouraged to study ACCT because BAFS students do not gain much advantageEasy to follow
Non-BAFS students may have to spend some time on understanding the accounting basis , after all , it is easy to follow also .She provides much account knowledge.
What she taught is quite useful and helps you understand many basic account knowledge that can be applied in reality.She provides many explanation
She is very patient. When I have problems, she will always answer me. One time, I visited her office and saw that she offer a student a tutorial class because she found that he met some difficulties.The content of this course is all about the basic knowledge of Accounting. For those who don't have any Accounting background, definitely you guys need to put more efforts in the first 2 weeks since there are a lot of Accounting terms that you night never heard of.The professor is very passionate in giving his lecture. Mostly, he knows every students in his class.quite good. Account. Being a ACCT student, only need know how to do is fine. Survive in every single course.no workloa. there are some time group exercises during the class. But the exercise is quite easy to catch up.Basically, it is a accounting course for the beginner. Just need spend sometime in doing the exercises.Great professor with clear ppt. The notes are pretty straightforward and easy for understanding. He speak very very slow, and quite boring for students.Fair grading to students but some ppl claim that he is actually a killer.
My mid-term score above the mean for like 1sd and finally total score is 91%.And finally he gave me B+.Without any assignment in the course,but you are going to have 5 quizzes throughout the semester.Not very difficult, but lots of stuff and rules to remember. Ok for beginners (I am also a beginner) but need to spend time in doing exercises.LI, Xi is a good professor. He is quite humorous and he provides lots of examples when explaining a difficult concepts. The only thing to complain is that the Powerpoint sildes are really boring (which are not prepared by him but the publisher)

He also understand that not every student need to learn these fundamental knowledge of accounting and therefore he does not require students to attend his class. He is fine with students who seldom/ never appear in class but able to get high marks in exams.Good enough content with not too much homework. You're basically on your own to finish off as much as you think you need in terms of practise.Very detailed and good. Professor focussed on finishing as much as he could and didn't rush through the concepts.Fair grading but the mean tends to be very high as many people are present who have a background in Accounting.Depends upon you. A few exercises given from time to time but they aren't mandatory. There is also a possibility of getting a few marks extra if you can solve the given exercise for the class.Basic Accounting. Debit and Credit, Financial Statements, Bonds, Inventories, Deppreciation System, Present Value and Future Value of Money, etc

Prof skipped a lot of chapters. It's nice but if there's a lot to catch up if you want to major in acct.

i find it usefulProf was emphasizing on the basic, Debit Credit. So, it would be easier for you learning the next chapters. He went super fast on the following chapters though. Listen to him carefully because he emphasizes on particular things that will come out at the exams,.

Prof is very open to questions and he's nice. He also relates the syllabus to the worldwide news and everyday life.
If you ever learned accounting before then he's right for you. But if you haven't then ... you will find it a bit hard to catch what he's saying.Prof. Hsu deals largest amount of contents from chapter 1 to 12 of the Accounting textbook. I recommend you taking other prof. courses to get good grade as his final is 1. cumulative, 2. no open book test, 3. curve is bad 4. large amount of chapters.His presentation is not bad at all but if you are the first time listening to accounting lecture, you might be confused.
He does not allow computers, phones or any electronic devices in the class, even to take picture or to see ppt. He demands you to print required ppt every chapter.The course materials are almost the same as BAFS.
so if you studied BAFS before, you have an advantage.

i did NOT study BAFS before so this course is demanding for me as i have a lot to catch up and have to do a lot of exercise to understand the concepts.

for her course, i think you need to have a thorough understanding of accounting concepts. knowing the calculation is not enough.i have no comments on her... as i skipped most of her lessons...

you are free to ask her questions as she said but i never asked one...Compulsory course for business students, very basic financial accounting, should have no problem to understand the course content.Prof Li not only teaches accounting in class. He also discuss something related to the current financial markets to us, which I think was quite interesting.45%midterm and 55% final. No assignments, projects whatever at all. Very good grade. He said in the first class that he will give the best grade allowed by the University, and he did. I was above mean 2/3 SD in both midterm and final, and got A-.Almost zero workload. All you need to do is to attend all lectures, spend several hours to go through the in-class exercises before exams, and that will suffice.This is an introductory course of financial accounting.
If you have studied BAFS in DSE, it is very easy to get an A cuz many of the topics have learnt already.gd lecturer
easy to understand the concept
ppt gd looking, conciseAll fundamental accounting stuffs. I would say that the content is quite packed, and the pace of the lecture is quite fast. So, having previous knowledge of accounting before taking this course would be a great advantage.Prof CHEN, Zhihong is a very great professor. I like his  teaching style very much. He gave us a preview questions (required, counted as assignments) of new materials that are going to be discussed in the class. He wanted us to at least do a preview ourselves, and try to solve the problem. I found this very useful, since it actually helps us to understand better and faster during his lecture.
Prof also gave a series of selected problem sets from the textbook that he recommended us to do it. This is where the textbook comes in handy, since one of the essay questions in the exam was taken from the textbook. (The rest exam questions was actually harder than the textbook problem sets, but doing all them will help you understand the accounting concept much easier, which will eventually help you do the exams.)Basic concepts of Accounting. Most of the topics are included in the HKDSE curriculum. So foe HKDSE students who take BAFS as their elective subject shd be very capable to get an A range in this course, no matter who the instructor is.He explained the concepts in a very clear way. Very easy to understand the basic principles of accounting for the beginners.Some of the parts are the DSE syllabus.
It is easier for you to handle if you have taken accounting in the secondary school.The teaching of Tony was quite good and clear. He always asked for questions of students and nice to answer your questions.Attendance and Participation 5
In-class Group Exercises  10
Three  In-class Quizzes 10
Mid-term Exam 35
Final Examination (non-cumulative) 40
The grade is not very good. You need to get a higher marks to have A range as many people get very high marks.Not too much. No homework. No presentation.
Only in-class exercises, quiz, mid-term and final.If you have studied BAFS in HKDSE, the content of this course will be easy for you as you have learnt 80% of the content before. However, some of terms are different from the terms we used when learning BAFS.
Even that you have not studied BAFS before, the things are quite straight forward and easy to follow so i think the content is simple.He usually spend quite a lot of time on explaining some terms that will not be commonly appear in mid-term examination or final examination.
However, i think his teaching is fair, sometimes too slow sometimes too fast.Many of the content is on DSE syllabus and not very difficult for me with prior knowledge.There is one topic which is totally new and not included in DSE accounting.Very boring and useless.He takes attendance very seriously and it is better to learn myself. Many skipped his lesson and complained his teachings are tedious and inadequate to help us understand Accounting.This is a fina course. Professor always talks about stocks, how he short them and earn a fortune. At last, he didnt have enough time to finish the whole acct syllabus. This was a good news to me because those were not in the exam.Zero workload. No assignments, no projects.
All you need is to prepare for your exams.Few chapters are all about DSE BAFS stuff but afterwards are not really related to DSE stuff. So no worry for non-bafs student. P.S. I am also a non-bafs student in secondary school.Extremely patient and nice. Always have many examples to explain. Quite funny sometimes but she is a bit too fast for the teaching pace. As some students reflected her fast pace in teaching which caused them hard to catch up, she did think of some teaching ways for us to choose from.

She did not take attendance. Also, she had 3 classes on the same two days. So you can choose to attend other classes as well if you miss your class. I was pre-reg the 9:00 session but i was also too lazy so i always attended her lessons in the afternoon. Same content for every class.Covers the basic concepts of accounting, such as the four financial statements and how to record entries in different formats. The content is pretty easy and self-explanatory actually, if you read the textbook before class.Szu Fan is very kind, although she always seems expressionless. But when I asked questions, she is so patient and smiles a little bit (even though you might not notice). She is one of the kindest professors I've seen in UST, although she doesn't look like it most of the time.

However, Szu Fan's powerpoints are extremely plain, so you have to attend classes attentively - which is hard because her voice is sometimes too soft to be heard. However, if you can hear her speaking, class is easy to follow. Sze Fan always asks her students for feedback and will go back to topics that students voted as hard to understand. She also slows down the pace significantly if students request for it.It is the foundation of accounting, if you didn't learn accounting in the past, practices and lecture slides may not be enough, it is suggested that you buy the textbook since there are a lot more practices in it.He actually teaches really thoroughly. Additionally, he goes through practices in class and the learning atmosphere is nice, you can raise and ask questions in class easily. It is quite interactive since he takes attendance and questions on every class, it is very likely that he remembers every students name lol.Multiple In Class "Practice" Questions: Remember to Find Good Group-mates For This Part.
1 Case Study
One Midterm
One Final
The overall course was well-structured, providing a sufficient foundation for accounting.Kelvin is an excellent professor when it comes to accounting knowledge and prowess. His notes are not that good though so it is a good idea to review before or after a lecture of the given chapter. The practice questions in the textbook are good practice for the midterm and final exam.

A good and funny teacher. Its best to understand cantonese to get his jokes though. Kevin is not a "mean" professor and he has a good accent when compared to other lectures. International students and mainland students may not like his jokes sometimes, but he is considered one of the best accounting professors. One will have no problem in understanding his ideas and thoughts.Her course is focused on GAAP. I had no accounting background at all at the beginning of the semester. Yet, the content wasn't too difficult for me to understand. As long as you pay attention during class and complete her assignments, you would have no problem keeping up with this course.So far, she is the most passionate and patient professor I've ever seen. Whenever she got any feedback saying she went too fast, she slowed down and explained the concept again, in a clearer way and with an easier example. Her power points are organized and thorough. To sum up, she is adorable as a professor and a person.A bit hard for a starter in accounting but actually the content is basic knowledge so if one spends some time on it, it won't be that hard. Need to memorize and practice a lot. An essay is required and I don't get the point of it, whose focus is about the ethics in accounting, not much concerned about what we have learnt in class nor is it quite meaningful for the real life accounting issues.The lecture is ok,because the professor illustrates the points clearly and will provide some useful additional information.  But sometimes his voice is quite plain so it's easy to feel bored, unable to concentrate.
Tutorials will sometimes be held on weekends or holidays, but the content will only be helpful for those who don't understand the previous lectures.It's pretty challenging for those who haven't studied Accounting before. However, if you put enough time and effort on revising the material, it'll be fine.She's really good at teaching and humorous.Grading is pretty fair but the final was extremely difficult - the cheat sheet didn't even help. I felt like I would've received the same grade even if I didn't revise.There isnt't much workload - she gives out some practice questions/ examples to solve but she doesn't really check them.The content is ok in terms of the difficulties. This course is pretty informative. If you have studied BAFS in your secondary school, congratulations, as you will probably know all of the course content, it is pretty much the same as the secondary school level. I guess all of the year-one students will love having this ACCT 2010 course.The teaching style is very good, there are many interactions and activities. Tony loves to ask different interesting questions so his lessons are never boring, I bet you will not fall asleep in his lessons. I have a lot of friends who are also in the class of Tony, they all love him very much as his teaching style is really good, and he is not to harsh to the new students.Very simple accounting stuff, I understand it even if I didn’t take bafs in the pastA bit boring but she is helpful. She will always answer your questions and explain it clearly after class. She’ll also make survey to know whether students can keep on track or not.Rich content! Helpful for students who did not study accounting before!You can ask questions after teaching hours. She is nice to answer all your questions.Easy term tests with low SD however careless mistakes may result in a bad grade. Final is extremely difficult. Do not recommend to buy the textbooks, even if you have bought it, please do not spent much time on the exercises there because they are irrelevant to the questions types in the exam.Light workloads. Just remember to attend lessons and finish the in-class exercises. Do not miss any of them!He covers basic concepts, and the content is comparatively less than other professors. For instance, unlike other professors, he does not cover the chapter on bonds. Understanding how to write journal entries and making adjustments are important if you take his course, and will appear often in the exams. It's also important to understand and remember the formulas used throughout the course, such as current ratio, as well as the accounting equation (Assets = Liabilities + Stockholders' Equity)The professor's teaching pace is good, and covers enough concepts without exhausting the students. He also really urges for the students to understand his teachings and holds optional tutorials on Saturdays to recap on concepts taught in previous lectures or learning additional information. He always makes time to answer students' questions after lesson as well.I would say the content is generally useful as it touches the fundamentals of accounting, including financial statements.The teaching is not satisfactory as he doesn't manage to talk the concepts in a clear and structured way. But he gives useful classwork that enable the students to learn more about accounting.Only some new concepts such as Statement of cash flow, method of depreciation which is new to students who studied BAFS (accounting) in secondary school.
He didn't mention anything about T-account, which makes it more difficult for people to understand the credit debit thing.It is hard to focus in his lesson. He tried to be humorous but he failed. I hate his strange accent.The content was pretty close to what was taught in high school.
Fairly straight forward if you pay attention to the first few lectures.Loved his classes, always interactive with the students and tries his best to make the experience two-way instead of the traditional "boring" sense.The grading is fair, I got a B+.1 Mid term, 1 Final, 1 small Assignment.
There are weekly in-class exercises you do with other classmates.
I'd recommend reading up on the exercise beforehand to familiarize the question style and answer method because it's the same long-Q for the mid term and final anyways.
Also the exercises counts towards total grade so doing well on them would be advised.Teach GAAP. The content is not difficult.
But if you never learned accounting before, You need to work hard on this one .Great professor, try to make every one in class to understand the content and give good explanation. I think this is her first year of teaching so there's a lot of patience and passion in her teaching. The lectures sometimes go a little bit too fast before the quizzes.Welcome to ACCT2010, just another business common core that need to study... The content is actually quite different then HKDSE as Tony used GAAP instead of IFRS.

Content including:

Introduction; Overview of corporate financial reporting
The Financial Statements

The measurement fundamentals of financial accounting
The measurement fundamentals of financial accounting
Accounting Equation, Journal Entries and Adjustment Entries
Cash and Accounts Receivables
Merchandise Inventory and Cost of Goods Sold
Long-Term Assets
Current Liabilities and Contingencies
Long-Term Liabilities: Notes, Bonds, and Leases
Shareholder’s Equity
Statement of Cash Flows
Statement of Cash Flows

Actually you would found it quite useful if you take ACCT as major. BTW, Tony taught more of the LT liabilities than other prof, so if you are new to ACCT, better study moreThere is one policy that I did not like about the course: class participation... you will use all sorts of students asking some useless questions so as to get Tony attention, so he taught slower than others.
His PPT are quite all-rounded and clear so you will have no problem about the ACCT concept, but make sure to buy the book and do exercises.
His accent is quite wield...sth like Bery instead of Very, but I think it does not make a difference as this course is just doing ACCT.Content similar with those in HKDSE. Normally you will get good grade if you finish most of the textbook exercise since “practice makes perfect” is really true especially in Accounting.Clear explanation and sometime will have interaction with you. Gerry is very nice and sometime will talk with you if you arrive the classroom early. But be careful that he will remember all your name and will ask questions if you fall asleep on lessons.Follows GAAP instead of IFRS. Need to go through a bit of transition if you study BAFS(Accounting) under HKDSE.

If you study BAFS in secondary school, basically this course helps you to review everything you have learnt in your S4-6 years.

Mainly covers the following financial statements and relevant knowledge:
1. Income Statement
2. Balance Sheet (Statement of Financial Position)
3. Statement of Cash Flow
4. Statement of Stockholders' Equity (capital account)Very passionate towards teaching. Content well explained. Makes time for students to ask questions and do in-class exercises.Basic financial accounting, time is kind of tight, therefore some contents are not covered.  Attendance were taken each lecture.Gerry is a nice person. However his lecture may be hard for beginners to understand. He emphasize much on examples which lead to less coverage on key points.Most of the content are covered by the BAFS in HKDSE. So if you have taken BAFS before, this course is quite for you.

One thing has to be noted is that , the content is in US GAAP instead of IFRS (Internation Financial Reporting Standards). So beware of that there are some differences in formats and concept.

Quiz 1 10%
Quiz 2 10%
In-class exercise 24%
Participation mark 6%
Final Exam 60%The professor teaches quite well. Lots of example.
2 questions have to be answered for class participation marks.
You are free to ask her question. Prof. Chen is nice!If you have studied BAFS in DSE, you would find it pretty boring in class. However, there are some places quite different from BAFS, for instance, the way you treat the allowance for doubtful debts is actually differentiated from DSEHis tone is pretty boring and flat. It is hard for me to not fall to sleep even though he is teaching crucial things. There are also some in-class mini quizzes but I cannot sure whether they help the count of attendance or not.about the four financial statement: income statement, balance sheet, statement of cash flow, statement of stockholder's equity
if you had learnt in secondary school bafs lesson, it will be easy for you even you do not show up in classwell explanation
will give time for students to do exercise together
willing to answer student's questionTidy and clear ppt
He teaches the easiest content comparing to other professors
Always give classwork(group assignment) to ensure that the students understand all the concept
Students can meet new friends easilyOne of the best professor I have seen in UST
Will tell jokes and use some simple daily examples to explain complicated ideas
He will ensure that most of the students understand the concept before he moves on.I took BAFS (Accounting) in high school as my elective, so it's quite easy for me. However, the content is in US GAAP instead of IFRS (Internation Financial Reporting Standards), so there were a few minor difference in format and concepts. Other than this, I think everyone can get a good grade as long as they put in some effort.Dr. Chen is a great teacher, she 'tried' to make us laugh but in vain. She is very patient in answering our questions and she is not that kind of professor who always has a long face; she is friendly, so feel free to ask her questions.most of the content in the course is actually what you have learnt in NSS bafs accounting.  so it would be quite easy for students with bafs accounting background.  however, there is also some divergences between the two courses that there might be some formatting differences and so on.the professor is quite interestingbasic acct knowledge like inventory control, bonds and shares, depreciation. just some acct concepts that were taught in dse bafs acct module.a little fast, but prof chen is patient and kind to answer your questions after class. require participation (6marks-->3hands up in class, just answer her questions, not difficult). she will just read out the ppt very quickly in class. make sure you do not talk too loudly in her class.The content is not difficult if you have learnt BAFS in your use. Even if you don't, don't need to be panic cuz he speaks very slowly for you to catch up.The pace of teaching is quite low and you have time to ask him questions during and after lessons. Also, there is supplemental classes for those who cannot catch up. He is a passionate person. He can explain things quite clearly.Basic principles of accouting, plus some unteach concepts from high schools like treasury stock etc.
one mid-term, two quizzes on september and november, one final.straight-forward reading from ppt. from time to time he told jokes but not really funny.
he did respond to students' questions immediately in lesson but sometime we were still confused about his response. but i appreciate his direct response.The content is different from secondary school in Hong http://Kong.So no need to worry if you haven't studied BAFS before.Very good and clear teaching.She will repeat what she has taught in previous lesson before teaching new things.She is very patient to read and reply the questions on canvas.If haven't studied ACCT before, you'd better work very hard on this course.I can feel that professor tries very hard on making us understand, but in my opinion, it is a bit too fast for those who haven't studied ACCT before. But of course, you can always ask her and she is very willing to answer you.The course content is rich and practical. You learn all basic accounting knowledge and something more of higher level accounting expertise.Powerpoint is adopted throughout the entire semester of the course. kelvin is a nice guy. he is willing to solve your problems by either answering your questions or assigning useful practice.Just basic accounting knowledge and this is mandatory for all business school students.Professor Gerry is a nice human being in general. He answers all of our questions in class and after class. He teaches the accounting concepts clearly, and the pace is just right. He also memorizes the student's names, which I thought was beneficial for me to engage in the course more.some parts are pretty easy to handle if you hv studied accounting in high school. some of my friends who didnt study accounting before said it was difficult.
Yet, as Tony follow US GAAP which is different from what I followed in high school, so some parts might be different from what you learnt before.Tony is pretty good in general. He will upload all the lecture notes and ex ans in canvas for our study reference.
Yet, sometimes he speaks unclearly which makes me feel confuse.Too much to study. All about accounting, its based on the textbook (financial accounting)Good teaching professor. She tried hard all the time, sometimes the lectures goes too fast so its hard to understand.Average grading. If you ace the test, you can get high grade. but if you fail the test you can low grade.Too many workload, final is from day 1 to last day. Midterm was not bad but final was too much to study becasue it was cumulative unlike other class it was not cumulative.The content of the course introduced students to the basics of accounting such as the double entry system and the American way of bookeeping.It has taken me some time to adapt to the way of teaching of the professor. He tried to make some jokes in the class but I don't find it funny at all. On top of that, it is his tone that makes the lesson more boring. He teaches in a rapid pace and one may find it difficult to catch up without preparation before the course.There are two midterms. The midterms are easy but the final exam is terrible. The final exam is just fill in the blanks questions. Cheat sheet is useless in the final exam.Teaching is fine.Course contains fundamental accounting principles. Does not really matter whether or not you have take BAFS. Textbook can be a helpful as for better clarification on confusing topics.Extremely important to attend class. The lectures are interesting and she is very interactive. Very easy to talk to, anytime there is an issue she is extremely easy to approach.I. Course Description
or by appointment
L03: Mon. & Wed. L13: Mon. & Wed. L14: Mon. & Wed.
09:00 – 10:20 12:00 – 13:20 10:30 – 11:50
LSK 1007 LSK 1007 LSK 1007
ACCT 2010 Principles of Accounting I
Fall 2017
Dr. Gerry K.H. LI
LSK 6048, e-mail: , Tel. 2358 7564 Monday & Wednesday 2:00 – 3:30 pm
Ms. Sandy TAI
LSK 6066, email: , Tel. 2358 7582 Accessible via CANVAS
  Accounting is the language of business. In this course you will learn how to "speak" and "read" this new language. The course is designed to provide an overview of the financial accounting frameworks and processes leading to the preparation of financial statements, and develop your relevant skills to read, interpret and analyze corporate financial reports from various dynamic business perspectives.
II. Course Objectives
Upon the completion of this course, you should be able to:
1. Develop a comprehensive understanding and well-founded knowledge of financial accounting, covering:
a. the accounting categories: assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses;
b. the ways an accounting system keeps track of data and information;
c. how generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) influence what is recorded in the books of an entity;
d. the preparation of a balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement;
e. the reading, interpretation and analysis of a set of financial statements.
2. Understand the role of financial accounting in the decision-making process of business organizations, and apply financial accounting frameworks to business situations.
3. Form critical judgment covering an ability to identify and define accounting and business problems, apply analytical and quantitative techniques, and to make and justify decisions;
Page 1 of 5
4. Communicate effectively through collection, analysis and organization of information and ideas and their clear transmission;
5. Demonstrate teamwork, independence and creativity including working, learning and problem solving as a team and independently; and
6. Develop ethical and social understanding including a knowledge and respect of ethics and ethical standards in accounting and an understanding of social and civic responsibility.Funny teacher with incredible memory....
He takes attendances during quiz... LMAOBasically what the DSE curriculum actually covered. I think it is almost the same for every professor so you may view it in others' reviews haha. :) And btw strongly recommend students who never took acct in DSE to buy the textbook to help with your learning cuz powerpoints are a bit too simple and her teaching pace is quite fast as there are many chapters to be covered in this course.She has a very good accent which gives a boost to her teaching quality. She is very willing to answer students' questions after lesson. Yet, sometimes I think she talks a little bit too quickly so that students who are babies in accounting like me may found it tough to pick up. In general, she is a nice professor.I personally don't find accounting particularly thrilling, so I wouldn't say the content was incredibly fascinating. However, the course was well organized and covered the basics of accounting (financial statements, journal entries, ledgers, bad debt expense...etc). I definitely understood the material well and think the knowledge I've gained from the course is useful to have as a business student.Kelvin is the nicest professor -- he is always willing to answer questions during class and office hours, offers extra tutorials Saturday if students need extra help and is very approachable. However, he sometimes is not clear with his explanations and makes the content more confusing than it is. His classes were not very interesting, slides were similar to the textbook and are uploaded online, so overall you don't really need to go to class. However, he does give practice questions (you work on as a group in class and turn in before the end of class) during many classes which count towards your grade and help understand the material a lot more effectively than the lectures themselves.

So, I enjoyed how his class was structured into lecture and practice questions since he was very helpful in explaining HOW to do questions and the midterm and final short answer questions were very similar to practice questions.

If you are able to learn well on your own, then I would recommend Kelvin. If you need someone to explain concepts very clearly to you, I would not recommend his class.If you study BAFS, congratulations.
If you do not study BAFS, good luck.

Frankly speaking, this course is not fair because most of the basic knowledge have been covered in BAFS.

Content:
Introduction; Overview of corporate financial reporting
The Financial Statements
The measurement fundamentals of financial accounting
Accounting Equation, Journal Entries and Adjustment Entries
Cash and Accounts Receivables
Merchandise Inventory and Cost of Goods Sold
Long-Term Assets
Current Liabilities and Contingencies
Long-Term Liabilities: Notes, Bonds, and Leases
Shareholder’s Equity
Statement of Cash FlowsTony SHIEH is a good teacher . He shows different example and interact with the classmates during the lessons.Content is very easy. If you have taken BAFS in HKDSE, you will get an A easily.Great tutorAs I said since the content is quite easy, so you can get high marks easily. But it is the same story for other students. So you have to aware that you won't lose mark carelessly.It is not very high. Though it has some quizzes, since the content is quite easy, you can handle it very easily. However, you may do the practice homework to prepare midterm and final, but it is not mandatory.Content maybe a bit difficult to understand for students not taking BAFS in Secondary school, but afterall it is straightforward.teaching pace is fast
need to pay attention
powerpoint slides may not be enough for you to understand all the stuff
recommend you too read the examples and exercises in textbook during revisionThough I didn't study BAFS in Secondary School , the concept was easy to understand.Sometimes it is a bit hard to understand and catch up because of her accent. Yet, she will do class exercise with us, you can try to understand the concept by those application.He teaches all the needed information for quiz, tests and exams. He sometimes teach some account related concepts which is not required, but he will mention that is out of syllabus.He explained the concepts well. He is willing to use more time to explained difficult concepts. He welcomes and appreciates students to ask questions and he will answer them immediately. He uses a version of textbook that is different from other instructors. He uses his own powerpoint, showing clearly the principles / concepts, definition, applications, examples, formulas, etc., which make me easy for revision.same content with dse bafs
This is a fina course. Professor always talks about stocks, how he short them and earn a fortune. At last, he didnt have enough time to finish the whole acct syllabus. This was a good news to me because those were not in the exam.he clearly explains the concept. good professorDSE BAFS stuff, plus some new topics, like the cash flow statementKelvin is a passionate guy, you can ask him questions literally anytime and get immediate answers from him. The pace is really fast though, better do revisions right after the lecture if you have not studied bafs before. Do attend the lectures because there are questions in exams that require you to explain on his examples mentioned in the lectures (because I didn't attend the lectures, I lost all marks in this part for the final exam, like 8 marks).The content is pretty basic because it is designed for beginners. So, content-wise there was nothing really that hard except the few chapter just before the second quiz.She is an amazing teacher, she explains really well and is ready to help you anytime you ask her to.  One of the best professors <3It is similar to DSE. Many chapters have been covered in secondary school. But some of them are new, and some of the instructors would not teach.It is quite boring. He goes through the ppt and seldom shares some cases.It is quite good. It includes 2 quizzes, midterm, final and attendance.  In the class, some students have studied accounting before and the mean is quite high.It is very low. You don’t need to do any assignments, but sometimes will ask you to complete some classwork and ask everyone to answer question when he takes attendance at the end of lesson.Simple accounting, if you have learnt BAFs accounting in secondary school, this course is absolutely favorable except you have to adapt to some minor differences.
But generally this is just an introduction to accounting and the contents are the most basic.she welcomes students to ask her questions after questions and reply questions on canvas quite efficient.
She has very clear ppt supplied and other supplementary notes on lessons if needed.
teaching is fair
a bit boring
but have heart
not bad not badMost of the contents are covered on HKDSE's BAFS, if you learnt accounting in high school, then the content would be easy to pick up.
Some more advanced accounting would be taught. If you are not familiar with accounting, you may find some difficulty on following the course.The teaching is good, but can be improved, she always type something on her excel files and show a bunch of duplicated equations that can mess you up. Moreover, those contents on the excel would not be on the lecture notes, even those contents are quite essential, so you have to drop them down on your notes or on your laptop quickly, if not she would delete them all soon.

However, she are passionate on her teaching and always try to make things clear as hard as she can, lecture notes are quite good.BAFS accounting model includes most of the financial accounting in the US format. Yet it includes statement of cash flow which maybe quite difficult to catch up. The course also has a fast pace. It covers one and a half year in secondary school syllabus so it would be difficult non-BAFS student to catch up as well.He is basically reading from the power point. In my opinion, he could not explain clearly to students, especially for students who did not study accounting before would find it difficult to understand.Simple accounting, if you have learnt BAFs accounting in secondary school, this course is absolutely favorable except you have to adapt to some minor differences.
But generally this is just an introduction to accounting and the contents are the most basic.Teaching is good, she welcomes students to ask her questions after questions and reply questions on canvas quite efficient.
She has very clear ppt supplied and other supplementary notes on lessons if needed.The content taught was useful especially for students who want to learn more about accounting and want to major in accountingHis teaching style was fun and very clear. Personally, I think he is a very good teacher and as long as you pay attention in his class you will be able to get good grades.It's mostly the syllabus of HKDSE BAFS
But some of the parts are changed into US format instead of UK format that we learnt in DSE.
And also some new stuffs like statement of cash flowsIn my opinion, he didn't teach really well. Most of the parts he only read the powerpoint.
If you are not good at accounting, I am not suggesting you to register his course as he seldom help you to review some old things. He assumes us to know most of the accounting knowledge.Fundamentals of accounting:
Understanding financial statements
How to produce themBoring lessons. Just read from the ppt.
Have in class exercises which helps to consolidate the learning of the day.
Need to take attendance and I am taking the 9am lesson so it is fking tiring for me.Basic accounting stuff, most of them are in the DSE syllabusHis pace is acceptable for me who have no knowledge about accounting. He will take attendance and recognize everyone's names. He is a very nice professor and loves chatting with us. You are recommended to approach him if you want to review your mid term or final papers.Gerry Li covered all the syllabus required.  He did provide some kind of revision for us before final and mid-term.  He taught according to the powerpoint provided by the publisher.  Those powerpoint were just very brief and he did not provide any reference materials.  He took attendance by reading out your name every lesson.  This contributed to your 10% class participation.  If you are aiming A range then don't skip lessons.In my opinion, Gerry Li's teaching is a disastrous. I didn't learn account in my high school.  I can't understand anything in the first few lessons.  He taught too fast and kept on saying "easy".  I didn't think he considered those who didn't learn accounting before like me.  All my accounting knowledge were taught my mother since she is an accountant.  Just recommend those who learnt accounting before to took his course or those who think they were very very smart.Same with what other students wrote, it is a course provides you basic accounting knowledge.

Develop a comprehensive and well-founded knowledge of financial accounting, including
1) Understand the accounting categories: assets, iabilities, equity, revenues and expenses.

2) Understand how an accounting system keeps track of information.

3)Understand how generally accepted accounting principles(GAAP) influence what is recorded in the books of an entity.

4) Prepare a balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement

5) Read, interpret and analyse a set of financial statements.Tony is a nice and funny professor. He tried his best to construct a good atmosphere during the classes.
Teaching is clear also.

By the way, in Tony's ACCT 2010 class, there were no Mc questions in all quizzes, exercises and mid-term& final.For someone completely new to Accounting, the content is at an appropriate level.

The powerpoints are a good summary but textbook dives deeper for your understanding of the material.Personally, Chen's style of teaching method - reading off powerpoint - did not appeal to me. But when she worked through the solutions on the screen together, it was easier to understand the thought process.

A lot of students stay behind class to ask her questions about the lecture. She responds to questions on the discussion forum at a scarily fast pace and is keen to help her students.

However, you may want to buy the textbook since there simply isn't enough time to explain all the material during lectures, so it will help you further understand all the concepts. Definitely pick a few exercises to work on, especially before the quizzes, since she  uses similar question structure on her exams.Basic fundamentals of BAFS which is similar to the F.4 and F.5 syllabus of HKDSE. Concepts such as T-account, accruals and prepayments would be introduced, the basic financial statements would be introduced as well. If you studied BAFS in secondary school, this course is a piece of cake, the only new concept would be cash flow statement.He has a slow pace of teaching, so slow so that even a starter could understand the basic concepts clearly. However, if you want to truly understand how it applies to the exam questions, you really need to work on the accounting exercises in the textbook. His in-class practices and examples are clearly insufficient. His notes would highlight the most important point and I would judge those as decent. You could understand the basics by reading his notes but if you want to know the tricky ones, the notes would not bring you much help.

His tone is dull and boring. So if you register his morning class, endeavour not to fall asleep!

No attendance taken.Accounting is the language of business. In this course you will learn how to "speak" and "read" this new language. The course is designed to provide an overview of financial accounting so that, upon completion of the course, you will be able to read, interpret and analyze corporate financial reports.

Syllabus:
Ch1: Financial Statements and Business Decisions
Ch2: Investing and Financing Decisions and the Accounting System
Ch3: Operating Decisions and the Accounting System
Ch4: Adjustments, Financial Statements, and the Quality of Earnings
Ch6: Sales Revenue, Receivables, and Cash
Ch7: Cost of goods sold and inventory
Ch8: Property, plant, and equipment
Ch9&10: Reporting liabilities
Ch11: Owners’ equity
Ch12: Statement of cash flows

With using the same chapter in the book - Libby, Libby, and Hodge. Financial Accounting, 9th edition (2017), McGraw-Hill/Irwin.Not bad.This course involves basic accounting stuff. It contains many DSE BAFS syllabus. If you have studied BAFS before, probably you will not have many problems in this course.The professor is willing to answer your questions after the lecture. But she taught very fast so it may be hard to catch up if you are not familiar with basic accounting stuff.This course covers basic accounting principles. The content of this course is not difficult for students with an accounting background. For those of you who studied HKDSE BAFS, you should be able to catch up with little effort. However, the accounting approaches are somehow different from the hkdse syllabus. You should be able to identify the differences and ask questions when you feel you're uncomfortable with the conflicting parts. Rather than testing your ability to write out T-accounts etc, it requires you to analyze financial statements and using class examples to explain certain concepts in midterm/final.I will advise you not to skip any of the lessons. (I know his tone is kinda flat) Class examples will appear in midterm/final. (I remember it costs 9/100 so yeah)
Kelvin is passionate towards teaching. He helps students by providing extra classes in Saturdays and stays behind to answer students' inquiries after-class. A nice professor who will ensure that his students understand everything so his teaching pace is slower compared to other professors.She teaches more than textbook and is relatively flexible compared to the book because she moves some similar contents together to help us understand better.
Textbook is recommended if you are new to accounting or want to get a good grade.
Sometimes there are too much to understand in one class, so it is a good idea to preview the notes or the book.CHEN is very nice and is willing to answer questions in class and after class. If you are struggling with a specific chapter, you can make an appointment and she is always helpful.Quite general with basic accounting principles and knowledge.Actually, as a beginner with no knowledge in accounting before, I found it hard to follow at first because his speed is fast. Gerry would choose some questions for exercise in class but he seldom explained it very clearly, I often got confused with some details in some long essay questions and had to work out on my own. Quite a few times I remembered that I was not able to tell how those solutions made sense and I spent some time struggling. And he thinks all questions are so easy that we should work out them instantly. But without guidance and explanation, how are we able to figure them out? I would say you wouldn't learn much by lectures in his course, you have to work on your own really hard.The textbook used in this course is "Financial Accounting 9E", as Xinlei tried really well to introduce almost all the contents included in the textbook, she covered almost all basic topics in accounting. As a Taiwanese, I've never taken any kind of business courses during my secondary school, not to mention Accounting. But, Xinlei all starts with basic stuffs in order to help us form complete and correct concepts for accounting. Therefore, there is no difficulties for people with no accounting background to take this course.Xinlei is really an instructor full of passion. Despite being her first year to teach, I still were overwhelmed by her confidence in teaching which was not even close to any other amateur. She is really willing to help students through any aspects. For instance, I clearly remembered that when she was teaching "Balance Sheet", there were quite a lot of new terms for us to recognize. As she found that it was a difficulty for some of us, she uploaded a file full of detailed definitions for all terms for us to study right after class, which was really helpful and considerate. She is also aware of the performance students did, when you didn't do well on quizzes, she will be there for you to ask and vanish all your problems. Really good instructor beyond words.I have not studied accounting in secondary school. Some of my friends who studied BAFS(Accounting) in secondary school got very good grades but they say that it is more advanced than that in HKDSE.
The course covers from basic concepts of accounting to a wide range of topics include bonds, statement of cah flow, etc.Professor Chen's presentation is clear and she is very nice. She likes to have interaction with the students and very willing to answer any questions no matter during or out of the class.Basic accounting concepts
have simple/short pptsTeaching is good with quite fluent English
have quite a lot of interaction in classIn class 24%
Participation 6%
Quiz 1 10%
Quiz 2 20%
Final 40%

only required to answer two questions to fulfill participation mark
2 quizzes are relatively easy to get a good grade, but final is SUPER difficult, cheat sheet is useless in the final exam and the mean is low (8x/160)Workload is light, only have some in-class exercise (one in-class exercise is equaled to 3% of in-class)
have some optional before class reading, which some of them are for earning participation mark next classMore than half of the topic had been covered in the HKDSE BAFS (accounting) syllabus, so it's easy for those who studied accounting before. However, the topic on bad debts and allowance for doubtful account will be a different from what students learnt before.Teaching pace is quite good, as she will ask from time to time whether we understand the topics. Review will also be done after difficult topics are taught. She is a nice professor, and will answer every question you ask her after class.Frankly speaking, if you have done well in the HKDSE, you have no excuse in failing this course.
First of all, this course is a general ledger-based course, implying that T-accounts AREN'T needed. Thus, if you excel in error correcting and above all, general journal, things would be easier.
Second, there aren't many new concepts. I can only recall the statement of cash flow, division of common stock and repurchase of common stock as new concepts.
Third, the answer is out there. Just don't make things complicated. This course resembles a simplified version of HKDSE, for example, when there is an estimation of allowance for doubtful debt, this course would ask you to Dr. bad debt Cr. allowance for doubtful debt. I have seen many classmates, including myself, of course, struggled to accept this fact. So my suggestion is--find the difference between this course and HKDSE and adapt to it. That's all.Do not be deceived by this grading. I ain't suggesting that Kelvin is a mediocre instructor, or professor, whatever you like, despite I had seen his title as professor in his office.
He's passionate in teaching. There are a few examples supporting this statement.
1. Janitor on LSK's accounting department has applauded Kelvin as "an humble and amicable professor who is willing to answer anyone's question
2. I have witnessed him staying behind lectures and encompassed by a knot of students for at least an hour.
3. Well, this is on the record, which is he made extra classes on Saturday in LSK, despite the fact that I HAD NEVER attended any of those. Lel.
4. By the way, he focus on "conceptual understanding", which I don't give a **** coz here's the case: if you have studied BAFS, there isn't a need for you to understand A=S+L while if you haven't studied BAFS, may god bless you.
Lamentably, several examples disapproved the above statement.
1. His tone resembles your most boring teacher in secondary or primary school.
2. I have attended all his lectures and I have slept in quite a lot of them.
Here are some tips from me:
1. First, Kelvin speaks English fluently, in my opinion. But, according to my observation, he loves to say "in other words". So, if you find him not saying this, this maybe an impostor. Lel.
2. Second, Kelvin asked us to "pick up the convention" in doing general journals. In other words, follow his order and pick up the convention by writing narratives.
3. Third, there are in-class activities. Those exercises are EXTREMELY simple if you, again, do well in HKDSE's BAFS. So, here's the tip, if you have never got your ass on BAFS, it's my advice to find partners who have BAFS background. But, according to my experience, if you find this difficult, it's either your problem or doomsday of HKUST SBM.
4. Last but not least, well, I am more than certain that I didn't abuse the phrase "last but not least" cause I believe this is really the most crucial. FIND A COMPANY WHO IS HUMOROUS!!! This is really crucial because attending his lectures, given that you excel in secondary's BAFS, would bring you endless sleeps. You need a humorous, or pretty, either of them or both, classmate to keep you awake.
That's all for his teaching part.Included all basic thing

/

Reading and preparing balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement, statement of stockholders' equity
Also included some professional ethics in accountingBEST

/

I attended every lecture since I love his teaching style.
He always use real-life example to explain what he is teaching
He also explained most detail that you need to know
He is kind and willing to answer your question-Very similar to DSE BAFS
-students who had studied BAFS may find it boring
-didn’t cover very deep, theoretical kind of things
-teaching materials combine with some real-life examples
-textbook is not necessary, just reading the powerpoint slides for revision is more than enough-Boring, but to be fair accounting is quite boring in nature.
- students with no accounting background may find it difficult to follow
- very patient when she is answering questionsThe professor roughly covered all the required contents.But it's still kind of hard to learn it for the beginners. I see that there are some local students who learnt accounting before in their secondary school. It seems that most of the contents are relevant to what was taught in their high school, so they may handle it relatively relaxed.The professor is very patient, but the speed is kind of fast. I felt hard to follow at the beginning.BTW, Gerry likes to check attendance every lecture a few minutes before it ends. Sometimes I feel it hard to follow the professor since he talks too fast and it takes me, a beginner, quite a long time to understand the content rather than just memory.Basic accounting stuff. Mostly learnt if you are a DSE BAFS student.Professor Li welcome questions in class even if it is not quite related to the teaching content. If you have any thing that you dont quite understand, you can just ask him.Above mean in quiz, sd were not released, above mean by less than one sd in mid term, final score was not released and got an A-. The grading is not quite bad I suppose.Small to none if you are a DSE BAFS student but I imagined it would not be quite relaxing if you knew nothing about accounting.Basic accounting topics. Those who studied BAFS in DSE curriculum will benefit a lot. However, there are still some topics that are new and need to spend some time to understand even for those who studied before. For example, statement of cash flow, Owners' equity.
***Kelvin does not cover 'bond' this topic. Most of my friends who are taught by other prof said the topic is very challenging. So for those who do not interest in choosing account as a major or who do not have account background, it is better to choose Kelvin.Kelvin is very passionate, who is willing to answer students' questions during and after lessons and through emails. But he answers email very late (approximately 4-5 days). So it is better to ask him earlier before exams. His class is not very boring, but as mentioned before, for those who studied account before, the class may be too basic. He explains concepts clearly. He also emphasized on the background and reasons for each transaction and accounting equations(tested in exams). It is easy to follow what he is saying. There will be practice questions after each topic which are due on class. It is group works so better to find those who have studied BAFS before. Otherwise, you may find it hard to finish. Just feel free to ask Kelvin when facing difficulties in doing the practice question. However, some of his instructions of the practice questions or the question itself, are not clear. Notes will be uploaded to canvas. Some concepts or points will not be written in the notes, but they will be tests in exams. There is a question in the final, "using the example that I explained in the class to illustrate...(9marks)" so for those who does not attend the class will GG. So better to attend the class.Covered some topics in DSE BAFS syllabus (so you definitely have an advantage if you have studied BAFS before) but there are some differences in accounting treatments.The most difficult topics would be bonds, time value of money and statements of cash flow.Professor is very patient in answering questions and would slow down the teaching pace when requested. She also provides detailed solutions to practice questions covered in class.The course provides us first insight towards Accounting stuff. If you are a new guy towards accounting, you'd better buy a textbook for your reference to build your concept. Concept is very important in accounting. Only relying the powerpoint notes is not sufficient to deal with Homework and Quizzes. And there are lots of students studied BAFs before, the mean is quite  high.It is boring, the powerpoint do not present the concept clearly and the professor explain them poorly.The content is okay. As a student with no accounting background in high school, it was a bit hard at the beginning. However, the pace of the whole course wasnt too fast which allows students like me to catch up really quick.Xinlei is a great professor who is able to explain things clearly. The interaction in class was extraordinary good. She cares about students' learning progress and she answers the question after class patiently and tried her very best to explain things as clear as possible.

I like her teaching style very much as I am able to understand most of the content of this course even though i have no acct background in high school.Basic accounting concepts like writing journal entries, depreciation and inventory systems. Would be good if you have studied BAFS before. I find the professor's notes kind of useless.Quite boring. I have not studied BAFS before and I have no clue for what she is doing in lessons. She did not really explain everything clearly during lessons. The professor is patient to answer your questions after lesson though.Tony's class is the most difficult class among all other professors, unlike other professors, he uses a different textbook to teach the course, and he includes extra concepts that do not appear in other prof's notes. The things taught before midterm is quite easy because it was quite similar to the DSE BAFS. However, after midterm, the level of difficulty increased and it was nothing like BAFS, especially for the bonds payable part, it drives me crazy to memorize the journal entries for that. If u want to challenge yourself or want to major in acct, his class should fit you a lot.He is humorous and it is hard to fell asleep in his class because he is always enthusiastic and his voice is clear! However, his teaching pace is really quick so u need to catch up with the concepts by yourself if u don't understand. Also, because many people ask useless questions in order to gain participation marks, he sometimes used too much time to answer those questions.Nothing special. It's just same as the other profs.I havn't studied bafs before so i have no ideas if it is similar to the dse syllabus.Quite good. As a beginner in accounting, actually i understand what she is saying, at least her english is easy understand. She gave many examples in class which helps understandingdeeper than DSE bafs topics + some additional topics

pay attention to several difference in formats/acct rules between DSE and acct 2010
(It's good to get a textbook/ e-book even for previous edition theres not much diff anyway)The ppt is clear. It serves as a guide for you to read the textbook yourself as it points out the main points of the textbook.

She gives some tips before quizzes.Textbook: Financial Accounting, Jamie Pratt, 9th edition, Wiley
Chapt. 1-4, 6-7, 9-12, 14Tony teaches quite fast and I need to digest during my leisure time. But it's gd if you are accounting major(like me though I will change it later) as he teaches more than other lecturers > gd for those love learningFour fundamental statements: income statement, balance sheet, statement of stockholders’ equity, statement of cash flow
Inventory, Account Receivable, bonds, value of cashA little bit boring but she is nice and patient to answer any questions even if the answers are obvious.Fair.His teaching is fair. But i gave him C is because he doesn't care about what you are doing in lesson, even though he asks you questions in lesson, you can simply say idk so you can choose not to answer.24%in-class exercise
6%class participation(answer 2 question during lesson)
10%Quiz1
20%Quiz2
40%Finalordinary dun expect too much
Reading textbook by yourself is recommended.Content is basically DSE accounting part plus some extension parts. If you have accounting backgrounds, it will definitely easy for you to catch up, but some knowledge would be very difficult to handle if you don’t have some business background. Not very difficult overall.Xinlei provides good and clear explanation for every concepts. On the other hand, she provides classwork for us to do as a concept checker. Besides, she will do together with us step by step.The course is about the fundamentals of accounting, it would be great for those who have studied it before in high school. However, there are some differences in between so be careful as the accounting rules will change. Szu Fan does not take attendance or in class quiz. She only ask questions and u need to respond 2 questions to get a full mark in participation. (She will offer chance for those who skip class to answer question at the last 2 weeks of semester, and she will tell you which question to be asked and how to respond , what a good teacher) By the way she will use some interesting examples, like tesla and more.She is a very good teacher. Even though she looks harsh, but there are some interesting interactions in class. Also, she is willing to respond to people's questions on canvas (so even u did not ask , u can see the questions raised by other students and szu fan's response at the canvas). She will also give out some points to be tested for midterms(but not final). She is really a good teacher and should register her course!!!!This course is all about the basic accounting principle. It is easy for those who have studied BAFS in high school. However, for those who have never ever learned accounting may find it a little bit difficult at the beginning.She is an excellent professor. Not only because she speaks English really clearly; furthermore, she is extremely a friendly and careful professor. She would try her best to let everyone know what she teaches in her class. If you don't know some part in  her class and ask her after class, she would always be really willing to answer your questions.To students who do not have any accounting basis, it will be a little bit difficult to catch up. Put more effort at the beginning will be better.

To students who have accounting basis, the course is similar but not completely the same with the secondary school ones. But working hard will definitely have a good grade.

I knew someone who works really hard after class and use a lot of time to study but still don't get a satisfactory result due to no accounting background. It is important to ask the prof questions if the concept is not clear.She is a good professor who can explain the concept clearly. She has a lot of interactions with students in the class. She is willing to answer questions after class as well.

She will invite someone every lesson to be the volunteer and review the last lecture with us, very kind!

She even actively talked to most of us independently and ask for our feelings and performance after the final exam, a caring professor!The course cover basic accounting principle, including the four financial statements, journal entry and ledgers. Then the course focus on different items on those statements, namely Sales Revenue, Receivables, and Cash; Cost of Goods Sold and Inventory; Property, Plant, and Equipment; Intangibles; and Natural Resources; Liabilities; Bond Securities. Finally the course focus on Stockholders’ Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, and Analyzing Financial Statements, basically just calculating ratios and write short paragraph.The instructor is a new professor just graduated this year, so I can feel her passion in teaching. She taught in a way that is easy to understand without talking much unrelated stuff, her teaching is really about the accounting content of the course. I have no accounting background in secondary school, so I will say she really taught great.- Accounting records
- Sales & accounts receivable
- Inventory
- Long-term assets and depreciation
- Time value of money, liabilities and bonds
- Shareholders' equity
- Statement of cash flows (indirect method only)

Those who have studied DSE BAFS will find it not hard to manageShe explained the concepts clearly and attempted to make the class less boring by adding real-life examples (Tesla, VW, Disney...). Also, don't be afraid to ask her questions as she is very nice and responsive in answering you.<Financial Accounting> (Libby) is our textbookNice guy; always willing to answer questions after class.
- makes sure students are paying attn by asking "yes or no" after each questionMid term is 25%
In-class prac q's 10%
15% take home case study
Final is 50%

Class activities:
-Practice questions are easy
-teacher is willing to help you to answer your questions.
-It is better to work with your classmates
- though you can also do it by yourself if you like.

Midterm:
mean 53
sd: 9.8 or something

pay attention in class and read the lecture slides. you'll be fineLittle workload. You basically just do practice questions in groups during class and there's only one take home case study.We use <Financial Accounting> (Libby) as our book for this semester and the class content is almost same with the chapter in the book.
However, we skipped Chapter 10, since we will learn it in another accounting class.I really love his teaching style.
He will give you many real-life examples, trying to make the class more interesting.
Also, he explains everything in great detail which will help you get a better understanding of the concept.This course gives a general explanation of what accounting is. And we can also get an impression of what business interaction is. For a beginner without any basis knowledge, it's not that easy and needs practice. Still, everything is acceptable.The instructor taught exactly in the same pace with the book. So if you have anything unclear, it can be made up afterwards by contributing your time to reading the accounting book. Namely, there is no teaching at all! You maybe confused on first couple of classes, but things will turn out to be clearer if you work on afterwards.Basic accounting principles as stated in the course name.He speaks very clearly and he tries to make jokes (but for some of them only local students can understand). He always stays behind and answer students questions. Voluntary Supplementary Classes are held almost every Saturday. He always posts discussions on canvas to clarify the concepts and explain some extra contents to sharpen out business sense.Cancer, i mean i dont like acct so i might be biased. i didn't revise a lot, nor did i learn acct b4, but then it just ez math and a lot of common sense so ok la i think.i have no idea i skipped all lessons after the first quiz. i mean i hate acct. HALP!!!!There is always random assignments that you must hand in. each assignment is worth 3% and u have 10 assignments, and in total the homework covers for 24% of the total grade. in the homework u don't have to get any questions right, in fact u can hand in a blank sheet of paper, which i did. So now u might be thinking 10*3 should be 30%. actually one can skip two homework assignments. but i didn't hand in a blank sheet of paper 3 times, so i fucked up. there is also 6% of the grade that is in class participation, u can get that by answering random stupid questions. ez 30%. most importantly she is so kind when she marks! like u get shit wrong she give error carried forward and don't take marks off. u get shit wrong u decduct only a few points

quiz 1 was easy but the mean is so high dough
quiz 2 was easy i skipped all lessons after quiz 1 but still ok lor her powerpoints are good but doing exercise from book is going to help cuz the exercise in powerpoint are easy in comparison to the test
final I fucked up here. Higher than mean but only 1/3 of S.D. BUT FUCK ME THE FINAL WAS HARD U GOTTA LISTEN IN CLASS AND DO EXCERCISES MAN! FUCK U GOTTA DO THAT OK?!!!! DON'T FUCK UP LIKE ME.
Overall I got B+ at the end. Although my grade is not that good I still think the grading is good. BUT LISTEN IN CLASS MAN! NO SKIP IF U WANT A+

but overall its ok la! but i mean u have to take the course anyways so i mean like why are u reading this??? NANI?blank sheet of paper for homework and still get full marks. great! oK I actually tried handing in a blank sheet of paper, and i got caught. fuck. HOWEVER, it doesn't matter if u hand in bullshit. I hand in wrong answers, wrong questions, YES WRONG QUESTIONS, EVERYTIME. And it was still ok.The chapters cover basic concepts of accounting, I didn't study BAFS in secondary school but still find it okay to follow. Those who have studied BAFS before might find the pace of his teaching slow since he will explain the concepts again and again.The powerpoint is neat and clear, most of them are from textbooks. Sometimes he tells jokes (in cantonese) during class, making the morning classes not so boring. He does not take attendance.The content is appropriate. There isn't a lot of things to memorize and need some understanding. But the case analysis in the final exam is a bit hard.The professor is very nice. His teaching style is easy to follow for a nonbusiness school students and those without any background.Good grade.The workload is OK. There is a group project, but only ppt is required. We do not really need to do the presentation so just do a ppt and pretending that we have done the presentation..The topics are quite organised but it would be better if there were more coherence between topics.Prof. Mak uses many concepts to explain different accounting concepts. He will explain in more detail if a student does not understand, and he strongly encourages students to ask and answer questions in order to strengthen their concepts. Also, he is readily willing to patiently answer students' questions after class, no matter how many there are or how complicated they are, and he will help students whenever they are in need. A great professor.The content is quite interesting to me. This course covers different financial statements (mainly focus on the income statement, statement of financial position and statement of cash flow), accounting concepts, inventory valuation method and three different depreciating methods. I think the content is quite practical and easy to understand. For those who have taken BAFS in HKDSE, I think they will be slightly advantaged but not much difference.Kelvin teaches quite slowly, but I love his speed. He teaches each concept thoroughly and clearly. It is very easy to follow what he is teaching. Also, He often uses real-life examples to demonstrate different situations, which attracts me so much. When I feel confused, he examples do clarify my misconceptions. His lessons are relaxing and you can learn so much from him. Also, he focuses on every little detail that may cover in the exams.for those learnt bafs before will be easier to understand the course. But it is ok for those who don't. basic accounting methods are taught which includes income statements t account of partnership corrections of error etc. however there are lots of topics so it takes time to remember and learn all the topics.ppt is simple but the presentation is great. focusing in class can help understand the whole course. it will be better to have a book to do the exercise as the exercise provided is not enough for you to get a good grade.its mainly about things people learnt in HKDSE BAFS, just got 10% new things that you need to know.quite bored so i didnt go to most of the lessons.good grading according to the curve but people's marks are usually very high so getting a high mark doesnt mean that you can get a good grade. i think getting above mean is just B so i am not sure is the mean B-. But it is fair and it is not too bad to study so give it a try.not much workload.Content was alright but didn't interest me that much. It was pretty basic though, about the fundamentals of accounting and it could be pretty useful.Teacher was helpful all the time but it felt like the class was a bit too rushed at times. If you've done DSE it becomes easier to understand.Decent, not too bad but the exam's grading was a bit harsh imo.Very little, just a few midterms. Most focus is on final exam, prepare for that as much as possible.i've never tried accounting before, but his course was okay to understand. it was not the best teacher, but he knows his stuff well.he's lectures are boring and the jokes dont even make sense to methe grading system is not very harsh compared to other classes. if you finish your assignments on time, you should be good. please understand the concepts so that you could ace the assignments.manageable workload if you are good with spotting numbers and ledgers. you also need to study the concepts in depth. this depends on how fast you learn.The course provides insight towards Accounting stuff. If you are a new guy towards accounting, perhaps you'd better buy a textbook for your reference to build your concept. Only relying the powerpoint notes is not sufficient to deal with the Homework and QuizzesTeachers are well educated and well liked. Very helpful and kind. She always teaches materials that are not included in the textbook, so do attend lectures. Will recommend taking her classes if you want to build a solid foundation in accounting.It provides general knowledge on the course, but it is not enough to answer all of the tasks given. It is good if you know a little bit about accounting beforehand as it can help you develop the fundamental concepts.Very friendly, but you should be proactive in reaching out.Basic Accounting surrounding financial statements (BS, IS, Statement of SE and statement of CF).

Challenging Concepts: statement of cash flow, amortisation, cost of good sold.PPT based. Lectures can be skipped provided that you read the notes briefly and do the exercises yourself.

No Attendance.It's a okay course. Professor teaches in a slow pace, and basically reads whats on the board. Okay workload though. Content is not too difficult, since its just touches the foundation. It's pretty interesting if you're into more numerical stuff.Teaching is okay, professor may skip some stuff when theres not enough time. Should take notes along, since the slides are very useful.CONTENT
Fundamentals of accounting, understanding financial statements in general and be able to produce them.TEACHING
Terrible Instructor, material not clear. Very strong accent and very fast pace to go from one topic to the other. Since he procedes so fast it is hard to understand.The course provides us first insight towards Accounting stuff. If you are a new guy towards accounting, perhaps you'd better buy a textbook for your reference to build your concept. Only relying the powerpoint notes is not sufficient to deal with Homework and Quizzes.Teaching is fine, fluctuated teaching speed. But if you have anything don't understand COMPLETELY, don't hesitate to find Prof CHEN, she is quite nice to clear your misconceptions. Be Active!The teaching material was great and the lesson was interesting. The interaction between professors and students are quite good.His teaching was nice. You can easily understand the content. The content he taught was not very difficult for someone who has learnt basic accounting already. He always asks students questions to ensure all of us understand.very hard to catch up the content for the one hasnt studied accounting in secondary school.The progress and speed is very fast. If you miss a lesson, it will be very very difficult for you to catch up and understand what is going on.No CommentThere are in-class exercise to make sure that you attend the lesson. Thhe workload is not very large but it is time-consuming. You have to complete the in-class exercise nearly all the lessons, if you forget that you will lose some scores and affect your final grade.It was nice. There are quite lot of terminologies to memorize. Besides that, the calculation is not that hard if you can remember the concept.Good I think it was.Fair grade. But you still need to work hard. If you don't know anything about accounting (just as I did) you need to work hard to get good grade. Memorizing, calculating and et cetera are needed.You need to study hard to catch up with the classes. There are some works for you to finish before the next classEasy to follow and have basic understandingHelpful and teaches extra things during http://lecture.Do attend lectures if you can. It will be useful for understanding the concepts.grades are acceptable.The two midterms are in MC format and are easy as long as you study. The exam is difficult though so better spend more time on itacceptable. no group works are required.The workload is okay for a first-year course. 2 midterms, final exam and weekly homework. Class participation is considered so do ask or answer questions during class.Simply DSE content at the beginning plus some extra information later. So far it is easy to handle if you have taken ACCT in DSE exam.Good, fun and easy to understand
The instructor is so easy-going who spoke Chinese to Chinese students and gave students attendance by simply cleaning the whiteboard.great subject i like it coz i want to enter math and econ.well done, he is a nice guy, he is willing to teach me many things. i like him because i really like him. there is no reason that why i like one person. yes in one word, he is surely a nice guy who i am facinating.About basic accounting knowledge.Students can get an access to American accounting through this course. The format of accounting in ust is quite different from that in dse.SHIEH,Tony's class is not boring and you will learn much.His note is well-organized. And you will have a great chance to get a good grade.This course is about basic accounting principles like double entries and booking keeping of different situation like bad debt and bonds payable according the US GAAP. This course is easy for all students whatever u were talking BAFS in DSE or not.Interesting lessons with good ppt and examples. He is willing to answer students' questions after class.Just basic accounting, I think there isn't much difference in each professor regrading the content.She used her own materials yet she often jump around them. The sequence is confusing so it will gives you a hard time on understanding. In short, personally I prefer the text book.Easy if you have studied accounting in secondary school before.Very boring.As long as you have studied hard enough and finished most of the recommended questions in the textbook, the exam should not be too hard. The final exam is brutal, but the midterm and quizzes are easy to handle. The mean in both midterm and final is alright, it really depends on the professor, as different professors have different format of exam. Some have all MCs and some MCs and both short and long questions. Be careful in your calculations and beware of careless mistakes (it happens all the time).The workload is okay, with few assignments.Not difficult to follow, all are DSE BAFS stuff.
He will give you see the financial report in the beginning and ask you how to interpret the numbers.A bit slow in teaching, but he explains the concepts very clearly and with many examples so that everyone can understand.Not that good, only B range even I got 85% mark. Many students got C range, especially for students who didn't study BAFS before.Need to do a case study, not much assignment.
No regular attendance needed, he will tell you when taking the assignment.The content of ACCT2010 is useful, but some calculation parts were hard to handle.Her teaching is good, she regularly gives hand-outs. i think this hand-outs are useful.her grading is .. i dont quite understand the purpose of giving out a 'card' when someone reply back to her question. mostly, her grading is quite fair enough.Workload is not too heavy, but some assignments are very hard. So I recommend to have someone to take this course together with you. it is better when doing assignments.basic accounting knowledge in american way
group discission
some normal thingsmaybe a little bit fast but the notes are good really comprehensive and helpful for understanding
useful for tests and exams
taught well excellent greattests werent really difficult
if h have study bafs (account) during your secondary school ,you will probably get a satisfactory grade in this course
mean b or b+
above average maybe a
good good goodsmall dun need to do much things maybe some short exercises
nearly no workload
really really really lighthe assumed all people have accounting concept already
difficult to catch up what he said as he skipped the basic conceptshe liked to tell broken gags
he forced students to ask questions and answer questionsthe grading is fair, but the final exam is horrible. the criteria is not limited to his powerpoint, but also the things and examples he gave randomly during class OMG
i almost failed in the final exam because i forgot the example he saidrandom class assessments, must attend lesson or u GG
arrrrrrrrrrrr
help
when end
no
dont reg himvery easy if you spend some time to do the questions, not difficult to get a very very high marks in the mid term and finalquite boring, he just teaches you what on the notes and not much you can learn from the professor. You can simply read the notes to get the main points or conceptsvery easy to get a very high marks in the mid term and exam. Good Gradenot much to do doing the class, just some in class exercises. Midterm and Final are not difficult, similar to the questions in the bookThe class content was good. It taught basic concept of accounting, even if it could be confusing at times. I could understand basic accounting and it was a satisfying class to take.Chen was very good at teaching. His technique was very personal, but I personally enjoyed it.contents are very good and maybe hard to follow if you miss classes later. But still, I could understand basic accounting through this course and was satisfied.i loved teaching from the professorthere were three tests: two midterms and one final term. I did 1sd above on the first midterm and the final. But I got below mean on the second midterm. But I ended up with b+. You should always attend classes.there were no many works to do. If you attend class, there are no hard things to do.Course Introduction; Overview of Financial Accounting

The Financial Statements; Accounting Equation

Accounting Principle; Accounting Process

Cash and Accounts Receivables

Merchandise Inventory

Long-term Assets: PP&E

Current Liabilities

Long-term Liabilities: Notes, Bonds, and Leases

Shareholder’s Equity

Statement of Cash Flow – Direct Method

Statement of Cash Flow – Indirect MethodThe instructor is interesting and encourages class discussions and questions.debit, credit, depreciation expense, liabilities, cash flows, basically all the stuff preliminary stuff in accounting.The notes are unreliable as there are many powerpoint slides with no useful content on it,  which makes revision a lot harder. My suggestion is to download an e-book which is a lot better than his notes.It is not as easy as you imagined if you haven't studied accounting in high school before. I have no acct background and struggled quite a bit, it's hard to learn the basic in a short period of time. Also even if i learn't the stuff, the mean is VERY HIGH as most ppl have acct background already. So i would suggest to do A LOT of exercises that would help, or else it's hard to catch up with others.I would say it's very bad and not helpful for students to learning accounting form the start and build a better foundation. He keeps talking about out syllabus stuff -__- totally irrelevant to exams and not helpful at all. He keeps asking us to read bloomberg and financial times. :(   His attitude is not good and quite rude to students, he hates people who asks stupid questionsThe content is similar to what we learnt in HKDSE.
Therefore, for those who have take the BAFS as their elective and studied account before, it is easy for them in this course.Teaching is good.Basic accounting skills. For those who study DSE, it would be very familiar with you. The difference is just English and US accounting stye format.Nice teaching. Accounting is supposed to be a qute boring course while Tony teaches it in a way of humor and deliever the complicated concepts in a very clear way who is so far the best professor in my university life.Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager (exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude 8.6 and MIRR)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7)
Midterm exam, chapter 1,His English proficiency is a bit tough that you should expect to listen very carefully his teaching in class or watch his lecture video after class. However, his teaching quality is high that he explained concepts in detail with examples in powerpoint, while other lecturers don't always have. Moreover, a list of homework questions is suggested so that we can have sufficient practice before exams.The powerPoint he used is very messy. you need to catch up what he is talking by taking notes and asking him questions after the lesson. Otherwise, you won't know what is the answer of many questions that are about the examples he used in lecture. Every time you answer a question or ask him a good question, you would be asked to drop your name on a paper for the evaluation of your participation.He tends to speak emotionally but in fact the class is quite boring since only few people gave attention to his class.The materials she provide are awesome. She provides both answer and step by step solution to the homework problem, which is crucial for accounting.She is really good, nice and know the materials. Her class is not boring at all. The speed of the class is moderate, not too fast (you will be able to catch up what she is trying to say), and not too slow (she will make you fall asleep in class).The course will explain with real-world examples the uses and some technical details of various data
mining techniques. The emphasis primarily is on understanding the business application of data mining
techniques, and secondarily on the variety of techniques. We will discuss the mechanics of how the
methods work only if it is necessary to understand the general concepts and business applications. You
will establish analytical thinking to the problems and understand that proper application of technology is
as much an art as it is a science.The course is designed for students with various backgrounds -- the class does not require any technical
skills or prior knowledge.The notes is not clear enough. If you haven't studied accounting, it would be better to buy a textbook, rather than just using her notes.Good. She is very patient and willing to answer every question. However, there are participation marks for students who answer her questions.Good. It is hard to get a D or F in her class, even I performed really bad in every midterm and exam. I got a C- in her class. I am glad that she doesn't give a D to me.Not much. Just a group project. She doesn't count attendance but there are 10 in-class assignments. They are only available for present students. So there are no differences between taking attendance and in-class assignment.About basic accounting theories
Should be easy for those who studied BAFS in high school
From writing double entries to financial statements and analysis by some accounting ratios, almost 80% are those taught in high school.Relevant notes for each class, but hard to follow sometimes as the professor shared many examples that we had to interpret the answers ourselves.I did not have any relevant Accounting knowledge before enrolling this course. Do not rely on the instructor to teach you accounting knowledge. The basics will not be sufficient for you to survive the examinations. The power points has many slides which makes you hard to concentrate and study it.There are many, many, many irrelevant knowledge taught in class, good for you if you are interested in accounting. I highly suggest you learn by yourself, do not rely on the instructor. However, you should really attend lessons as what the instructor taught during lessons will be included in the examinations. He will give tips to students before examinations.Content was useful for introducing the basics of accounting, with some simple calculations. Was relatively easy to understand as someone with no prior experience with accountingFriendly professor who was able to explain concepts clearly so that they were easy to understand. She often uses many examples to explain her concepts, and also uses in-class assignments to help students understand better.midterm below mean 1 sd  final above mean 1 sd -->c+Thoroughly covered course materials and basics of accounting. In the end students can expect to understand what accounting is, how it works, and international differences. Overall, content is very solid.Poor instruction, relies heavily on work outside class, and expectations not always clear. Not enough emphasis given to IFRS compared to its frequency on exams. Exams are disproportionately hard to classwork. Professor Shieh is humorous and has fun during class, but gets carried away and very often does not finish his lectures. He holds students past the end of class almost every lecture, and is arbitrarily serious during quizzes, making them unnecessarily difficult and confusing.Class materials are mostly ppt, which are mostly extracted from the textbook. The materials are well shwon but some of the details are missing which we have to look for them by ourselves.She sometimes just reads the powerpoint or the presenter note included in the powerpoint, so the teaching was not very necessary. The information is well taught even thoguhthe content is a bit too much for those who have never study accounting before and even though you have study accounting in DSE the content will be slightly different from what you have beforethe professor is nice and funny, she will use real life example and bring real stuff to class to explain

no ppt but the professor will hand out print out notes and upload to canvas after the lectureThe course is mainly about some basic principles of accounting system and concept. Some knowledge is already included in the syllabus of BAFS in HKDSE. The course gives a overview on ethical principles, double-entry system and financial statments.The lecture notes are very well-organized with in-class exercises to ensure students grasp the concept. Everything is clearly explained with example.Fundamentals of accounting, understanding financial statements in general and be able to produce them.Terrible Instructor, material not clear. Very strong accent and very fast pace to go from one topic to the other. Since he procedes so fast it is hard to understand.Hard grader, very competitive. The first quiz is always what lowers everyone's grade. Midterm also definitively hard.The overall workload is moderate but a lot to study for midterms. Defintively have to study with continuity and do all the exercises to do well in the class.Her notes are clear and easy to follow. Having revision over her notes is already enough for exams.She has passion over accounting and has clear teaching but she teaches quite fast and sometimes difficult to catch up if you are not concentrate enough.The mid-terms are quite easy but final exam is very difficult.Having mean score will get B or B-.Score with one SD higher will get B+ or far the grade is not bad if you study.a number of in-class exercises which count in final grade are givenlearn about things some students have learnt in BAFS in secondary school. So a little bit not fair to those who don't take accounting in secondary school.Sometimes he teaches as irrelevant thing, like how to predict movements of stocks, how to read companies'  financial report, but luckily these will not be in the examination. Although I find his lessons a little bit boring, he is a really good teacher and can teach well, his accent is very clear and can illustrate his ideas very well. Also his in class exercise is very useful in revisions.This course teach the foundation of accounting, such as accounting equation, financial statements. The topic is almost the same as the DSE syllabus, but the accouting method is slightly different, like the journal entries. Those students studied BAFS in high school still need to pay attention.His teaching is quite well. He would explain every concept in details and make some jokes during the lessons. He emphasized in the first lecture that he really really encourages QUESTIONS and mentioned that he would mark down who have asked question after the lesson and give marks for participation. It leads to a result that a lot of people asked a lot of unhelpful questions while Tony would answer them seriously, making the lesson behind and behind the schedule.Professor covered the basics of accounting and was enthusiastic regarding the material.Xi Li is what you'd expect when it comes to an accounting instructor. Follows the syllabus quite closely and is always willing to meet if you need help.Very fair grading. Somewhat tough to get an A, but if you put in the work Xi Li will give you the grade you deserve.The workload is somewhat heavy. There is a midterm and final, but also readings and assignments, which you are expected to stay on top of.Literally almost all the things on the Gibby and Gibby textbook are taught except a few chapters that are not that important.Kathy is a very nice professor.

Her teaching is one of the best among all UST professors. However, you need to preview to follow up her speed.Nothing too difficult, as it's just an introduction to financial accounting. This course covers material such as cash flow statements, income statements, the time value of money, depreciation, ratios, etc.7/10

Your experience would greatly depend on whether you have learnt accounting before or not. If you have, be prepared to get bored out of your mind. He covers the content at a snail's pace. For instance, he talked about the concept of separate entity for about 40 minutes. Let that sink in. However, to the uninitiated, the professor would be incredibly good, since it is quite impossible to fall behind.

He is very casual and relaxed. He also uses good examples to illustrate his points.Basic Accounting concepts
easy to comprehend if you've taken accounting in high school

If not, you'll still be able to follow the course easily.Easy to follow and understand.
He uses a lot of real life examples and goes through the syllabus quickly and efficiently.

Invites you to voice out your opinion and QuestionsThe class was not too difficult. I enjoy the subject of accounting more than other people though. The topics were introduced in an order that built off each other so it is good to attend class and keep up with the work.The teacher was fairly boring, but it is hard to make accounting more than dry.Throughout my 12 years of pre-university education, I've never learnt any accounting knowledge... And I regret that. As expected, I started off the course panicking, uncertain of what's to come. But the materials were way to understand and guides you to LITERALLY, learn the principles of accounting. To me, that's awesome. The only downside to the materials is our professor requires us to finish 12 chapters for the final exam, while other professors only need their students to go through 3-4 chapters for the exam. Believe me, that kinda sucks. But overall, I'd say I actually learnt something.Same with the title: meh. I mean, I'd say this course is a total disaster based on the extra chapters we need to study, but after attending all the lectures, I could still vaguely understand what she's talking about, even though getting good grades is another completely different matter. Her classes aren't that funny and energetic, but also wasn't too boring or dull. So I'd say her teaching was so so. See what I did there? :)The course syllabus is similar to BAFS accouting in hkdse. You should be able to pick up easily if you studied bafs at secondary school.His lectures are full of out-syllabus content. Unless you are really interested in stuffs apart from accouting, you can simply skip those lectures.u can simply self-study and get a good grade. I went over the course content a week before the final and mid-term and i got good results (above mean).nearly 0. no hw, no quiz , only one mid term, and one final exam.ACCT2010 covers some of the fundamental accounting principles. Possessing BAFS Background in HKDSE is a very big advantage because 80% of the course is quite similar what students learnt in senior secondary age.

For those who haven't studied accounting before (like me). Be prepared to pay effort to catch up. You have to learn 2-year stuff within 3 months.

But anyway I do not recommend anyone to give up from studying this course: It is very important that you need to know how to read financial statements  and pay attention to some ratios in preparing business case analyses (Case Competition, LABU stuff) or let say, ACCT2200 you will study in second year in HKUST.

Your hard work may not give you A in this course but the effort you pay can be turned into real outcomes in no longer future.In general, her teaching is fair.

She teaches the concepts in a step-by-step manner. It can be boring to BAFS Students but it helps students with no accounting background to develop their concepts in a steady pace.

However, Professor Chen usually 'get lost' amid her teaching - and advanced concepts will be suddenly mentioned at the beginning of the semester. It is very hard for students with no accounting background to catch-up

The conclusion is: She hopes to develop concepts for students with no accounting background but in reality she kind of fails to do so. If you are students with BAFS experience, skip her class. If you are students without accounting background, attend her class, work harder, and you will be surviving then.Basic accounting concepts
Involves some very simple calculations
As someone who is a beginner to accounting, I find the content really straight-forward and simple.
As long as you understand all the concepts, there is not much to memorize.She explained every concepts clearly.
After teaching each chapter she would guide us to do some questions to consolidate our knowledge.hard to catch up for students who haven't studied BAFS in secondary. Therefore, students who study this course should have some basic understanding in Accounting or else it's hard to catch upquite quick
and hard to catch
but is patient enough to answer the question people raiseQuite good. Made her own notes. She explained clearly during lessons and you could ask whenever you don't know.Teaching method is different from other professors. She adopts a secondary-like teaching method. She distributes new notes every lesson, which allows students to catch up more easily. Those who like to write notes would be preferred to take her classes.have 12 in-class exercise but only need to submit 8 of them
mid-term *2
final
midterm is too easy but final is really hardNo CommentKathy is a very nice and kind person
You can feel free to ask her about accounting and she is so welcome to answer you
But her voice is quite softThe content examined in the tests are quite standard, all covered by classwork and chapter questions. If you are hard-working enough to study all questions in the chapter and finish the work in class, you'd probably see familiar questions in exams.No CommentNo CommentNo CommentThe content is nice. It teaches the basis of accounting very thoroughly, while not delving into too much contents.Kathy Ho is a nice teacher, sometimes she would share her thoughts and feelings of her trips and certain incidents to her students. She also teaches effectively, so if you miss her classes, you will have quite a hard time.For HKDSE accounting students it would not be very difficult, but for those not, it could prove troublesome. The syllabus is very intense. A topic which could take a few weeks to learn in HKDSE is stuffed into 2 lectures here. Students who are new to accounting have to be prepared.Tony is a very good teacher. He is kind to students, patient to answer their questions both in class and after class. He explains ideas well and he will repeat or draw in detail to make sure you understand. He likes to add in a lot of extra information about accounting. He is funny as well. His lesson would not get boring.She covered almost everything. The contents are basic info for accounting. Students who studied BAFS in high school will have a huge benefit.Really poor at teaching. You have no idea what she is doing and she has no idea what you are doing as well.The first and second test were extremely easy and were meant to boost up everyone's mark. However, the final exam was extremely hard and the average was about 54%.

The final grade usually only depends on the final exam because most of the students get similar mark during the first two quizzes.

Have to answer a question in class to get participation mark and hand in 8 in class practices to get perfect.Not much. Quite average.I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course before I don't really know anything about this course, in fact I haven't even taken this course beforeNo CommentHave lots of information about accounting but those are not cover in the final exam. Many content which is taught are not related to the exam.Tony is nice. He make some jokes during the lesson. Also, it is very free during the lesson. So the teaching is nice.The grade is not too good. It is because the difficulty is too different between the assignment and the mid-term or final exam.Only 3 quiz and 5 assignments needed to be done. And not all quiz are calculated for the need to take attendance and it is easy to handle.She will provide notes with blank before class and some hard copies in class. After class, she will upload filled notes. Exercises are based on textbook.Although I don't think her teaching is good personally, she is a diligent professor who will keep answering most of the question on canvas and repeat what we confused in class many times.Large proportion of the content overlapping with dse syllabus, so people who studied BAFS accounting module would have advantage.Very detailed explanation that students could follow easily. Friendly manner. Clear and useful powerpoints.Fair grading. Three mini exams during the semester. Participation marks were given to those who answered pop-up questions in class. There were also irregular in-class exercises. Also a group project similar to case analysis. No attendance will be counted though.Three mini exams would be a burden. But pretty similar to powerpoints distributed. (Remember to attend classes to get tips for exams!)The content for exam question is little. However, the notes included many other information about the real world and real incidents and figures. If you revise for midterm or final, you can ignore those thing.
The book is useless too. As there are a lot of things not included in the exam.
The syllabus is similar to BAFS but some format changed.50% content, 50% other stuff(sharing of some news).Teaching basic accounting skills, most of the things have been learned in secondary school, if you have study BAFS before. Using notes for teaching, no powerpoint is available. The notes are not really good, you may always lose your way in the lessons. But the notes solution will be post soon.She is willing to teach if you have any question, just go free to ask her. Her lessons are boring, you need to pay attention, I always do not know where is she talking about.powerpoint teaching
Those powerpoints are edited by the textbook publisher.
Professor will modify a little bit.
Textbook question will be used as teaching material.
She assigned us to conduct a group project which is about finding mistakes under accounting policy.acceptable
She is an Taiwanese visiting professor who went to United States for study/job purpose.
Her English accent is acceptable.
She was kind to answer student's questions.
She asked questions in lesson so as to give participation mark.The course mostly covered DSE BAFS materials. The course is easy if you studied BAFS before. But it is quite difficult if you have not studied BAFS before. It includes basic accounting principles and some basic calculations.

Some inclass exercises.
2 mid terms
1 final examA little bit boring but she is nice.
She is willing to answer your questions patiently.Notes are prepared. If the lesson is canceled, powerpoint will be prepared.Easy to understand and follow what she said. Sometimes will have some interactions in the class. Also, Professor Chen like to make jokes in class, so it won't be too boring.NO assignment , NO quizs, as the professor said, if you hv studied BAFS before, you are welcome not to attend the lessons at allHis teaching is a little bit boring, mainly focus on the accounting rule but sometimes talk about the worldwide stock markets which do not related to the mid term and final at allbasic accounting to well prepare you for future ones. A nice introductory course for previously non business students.good powerpoint, easy to follow what he teaches especially for students with no accounting background.He gives very little As. Try to score full mark for the quizzes and groupwork since they are relatively easy to score. Try getting mean + 1SD for both mid and finals and you'll secure a B+.he gives lots of quizzes, groupwork and homework. He isnt going to check your homework but try to do all since some of the formats are similar to those of the quizzes/ mid/ final. (he'll attach an answer key for you to check so that's an advantage)The concepts were okay. She tried not to miss out any concepts that the actual book covered. Lots of print materials were handed out and the professor had exercise questions to make sure we understood the concepts.Her teaching was fast. If a student missed one class, it became quite hard to do the catch ups. Also, she teaches fast and a bit boring, so it's important for a student not to lose his/her focus.normal content as othervery knowledgeable prof
but always teaching things about financial market not testbook relatedok poor grade
mid term below mean a bit
final at mean

only grade on mid term and final
also have in class exercise but seems only answer a few time questions already oknth to do
no attendance no homework at all

there is bonus in doing on class presentation and news clipping
each will give one bonus score to final score so many people are doing it and eventually everyone score the bonusIt covers many topics through out the semester.
However, many of those were being learnt from high school, given that the students studied BAFS.Kathy is nice and funny in class. This is the first time she taught acct 2010. I could feel that she prepared a lot for the lesson. However, if you have no concept about accounting, she may not be the best choice for you as she was not explaining accounting clear enough.If you have studied BAFS before, don't expect to have the similar content that you have in high schools.
Compare to Li Xi or Tong's content, her is much difficult but actually you cannot find out how they can apply to acctountingOK. Just a bit boring as she talks so soft.If you seat quite behind, it is not possible get all the content she said.Brief introduction of accounting
Easy content
American accounting styleI did not take Acct in DSE, and it will be very difficult for me to follow her teaching. But if you took Acct in DSE before, you will feel easy to follow. She is kind and considerate so you can ask her questions after lessons.The content of the class very closely follows the four basic financial statements which are: Income Statement, Statement of Cash Flows, Balance Sheet, and Statement of Stockholder's Equity. Going into this class, I didn't have much excitement surrounding learning accounting, but I think that Professor Shieh did a great job of making what he had to teach quite exciting. Although the class had some of the hardest and most dense content of my semester, Tony broke it down nicely and the final ended up being one my easier ones.As stated before, I think that Professor Shieh was a wonderful teacher. He frequently gave real world examples to ground the concepts. He also tried to be extra enthusiastic about what he was teaching in order to bring the overall energy of the course up as well.

I think that having a good professor for this class is important. I can only imagine how bored I would have been if my professor was not enthusiastic about what he/she was teaching.In this course, it teaches the basic components of a financial statement, such as shareholders equity and statement of cash flow. It mainly introduces the calculation of bad debt, inventories, and depreciation of assets.He uses an interesting way to teach, often makes jokes.
Loves to answer students' questions, but sometimes uses too much time. Some missing parts of the notes need you to attend lessons to write down.First half of the syllabus is similar to HKDSE BAFS. Difficult parts like bonds and sharesThe teacher always talks about examples that are not printed on the notes, so you have to pay attention in class. If you have any question, she will answer you patiently and explain clearly.Good content. But he uses a different book, so it's quite troublesome if you want to form a study group.Excellent teaching method, makes you really understand the material even though never learn about accounting.Quite good, I got slightly above mean in the midterm and almost mean plus sd in the final. I got A- for this course.The workload is basically quite low, some group exercises and quiz. But not all the grades are taken, one worst score will be excluded. The questions really help you learn, have to pay attention to the questions, some will be tested in the midterm or final with some minor modifications. The suggested question in the book is crucial as well.In this course it teaches the basic components of a financial statement, such as shareholders equity and statement of cash flow. It mainly introduces the calculation of bad debt, inventories and depreciation of assets.The teaching is clearly delivered, there are some missing parts in his powerpoint as the professor wants his students to attend his lessonsclear
lecture note with some in-class exercise
nice and fast to answer the questions in the book in canvas
even a student did not take BAFS before can also follow the content in the course
no attendance requirementeasy to follow
always share some business news to us
will print out the lecture note to us
have some in-class exercise and can have better understanding about the topicVery effective and useful. You will learn about basic stuffs about Accounting.Very useful and helpful with teaching materials. She gives very helpful teaching materials to students. These materials would help you to easily understand about Accounting.The content is quite easy if you studied BAFS in secondary school. Almost everything is based on the content in DSE.Professor always talk about things out of the content, and kind of expect we know everything related to accounting before attending lectures. Not easy to catch up if you did not study BAFS in secondary school.very educative and it is not too challenging. It would be much more easier if you studied BAFS before.The explanation is clear but he talked a lot of extra stuff that is interesting but irrelevant to exams.He claimed that the average grade is B+. Yet, the mean of the final and mid term  exam is quite high. Getting satisfying mark in exams doesn't secure a good grade for some students.The workload is not too heavy. There is only one mid term exam with 45% and one final exam with 55%.Relatively complicated but helpful to your future studiesProviding extra knowledge.
Although professor sporadically made some jokes,the lessons were not interesting.Because of my accounting background,i got A+ in this subject.However,the overall grading is about B or B+.Prof.Shieh may not give a good grade if you cannot comprehend the teaching notes well.Quizzes are quite difficult because they were taken simply after the professor taught you.
Workload may not be too heavy and everyone can handle it with the prerequisite that you have attended the lessonsPractical case anaylsis,
difficult to catch up if no prior Account knowledge in secondary schoolVery willing to answer question, encourage students to raise any question
Quite amusing in his way of teaching, appreciate that:)
Many practical examples in explanations
He always require students to nod and have eye contact with him, a friendly lecturerthe content is overall good and educative. it contains a lot of basic knowledge of accounting.the professor likes to tell business stories in class, which is not only interesting but also educative. but I don't think he has much experience in assessments.he tries to make his exams simple, but everyone took good scores in the mid-term, in which case you can't really tell who deserves A range. so in the final the range became huge, and many people got bad grades. I don't think this is good.it's not so heavy. some optional homework and two exams.It's a bit hard. Even for ppl who have learn accounting before. Tony's teaching materials are probably the hardest amongest all the othe professors.  I personally think the bond and lease is the most difficult part.He's pretty good. He made everything clear and easy to understand andddd he is funny.The course covers elementary knowledge for beginners who just learn accounting. The course will not even include how to write an income statement or balance sheet. You will just learn roughly what accounting is, the concept of bad debts, components like account receivable/payable, accrued expenses in an income statement and a balance sheet.I would definitely suggest Prof Mak to be your lecturer. Not only is he funny, but he also knows what the weaknesses of most students are facing in accounting. He would therefore spend more time in explaining particular topics until we clear the doubt. Unlike other professors who are trying to cram all the knowledge they think a year 1 student should have to their students but in fact they cannot really understand what is going on... Prof Mak would rather pick quality over quantity in this situation.easy thing learnt in BAFS during secondary school. Once you comply the knowledge she taught with what you have learnt. Good grade is waiting for you.She is keen on teach and answering all questions asked by her students in her lecture. She also loves encouraging her student to ask more and more.The grading is normal. Work hard can guarantee you a good grade which means A range.Just final exam and mid term exam. They are both easy if you have done all the exercises she suggested. Assignments are easy and are done by groups.the content is quite intensive and if you didn't take any accounting course in your secondary school, it will be quite challenging.Tony is an amazing teacher who has passion in teaching. He makes accounting less boring and if you're  active in class, he will help you to get better grade at the end.Brief introduction of accounting
Easy content
American accounting styleSuch a passionate teacher
Accept students' questions asking after every lesson
Funny teacher
Well preparation before lectureQuiz 1 super easy
Quiz 2 easy
Final : difficult
6%participation (can be easily attained)
just answer question or clean the whiteboard for once
Mean is quite high for Quiz 1 and 2There's an in class exercise after every chapter ends and it's a must to hand in at least 8 of them but    all of them are too easy and you can discuss it with your peers
Only 2 quizzes and 1 fianlli xi covered less topics and mostly the practical ones. i think he did skip some topics covered by other instructors, which i think is okay though i prefer to understand more fundamentals as i have no accounting background in high schoolhe ddidnt hestitate to answer questions, but he sometimes did sharings on finance side, and discuss with us financial issues. Quite interesting to learn more than accounting thoughThe content is fairly straightforward, lecture slides and the textbook are easy to understand for the most part. The course introduces what financial accounting is and how its done. The topics covered were:
Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Statement of Stockholders Equity, Statement of Cash Flows, US GAAP vs IFRS, Journal entries and T-accounts, Adjusting entries, Reporting sales revenue, reporting cost of goods sold, reporting liabilities, reporting assets, reporting bonds and reporting owners equity.The professor was very engaging during class, and she taught the concepts clearly so that all the students were able to understand everything. She would also incorporate the use of in-class assignments and examples from the textbook to demonstrate the concepts taught in the class.Easy for those people learned accounting before. Answering the questions and asking questions can also gain bonus marks. The attendance is not count.No CommentOnly calculate the marks from mid-term exam and final exam. The questions were similar to the questions shown in the lesson and the in-class exercises.No homework assigned. Only have 1 mid-term and final. But can choose to do the news presentation in class around 1-2 minutes for getting the bonus marks. There were in-class exercises answering these questions can gain the bonus marks.Content is clear but covered some news which wouldnt be tested in exam.Easy to understand and professor was willing to answer questions after class
You can also ask question during class. This even count as extra credit if you are willing to ask or answer questions.Very well explained content. Professor Shieh also highlights what specifically is going to be in the exams and what he wants the students to fully understand.Clear, western teaching style. His English is perfect and the slides are very clear. He provides students with solutions to all problemsPretty fair. He helps a lot during the exam itself. The final is not cumulative. Quizzes and group exercises are not hard and boost your gradeThe more exercise you do, the better. Doing the suggested exercise is not enoughThe notes are clear and easy to follow. Before midterm and final, just simply study the notes will be fine.I did not take Acct in DSE, and it will be very difficult for me to follow her teaching. But if you took Acct in DSE before, you will feel easy to follow. She is kind and considerate so you can ask her questions after lessons.A bit hard if you don't catch up with the pace. Make sure you read the textbook and have some common sense.Detailed and easy to understand, many examples on how to calculate and tips for finals and mid terms. Tony was very willing to help students.Lenient, even if you are slightly below mean for mid term and mean for finals, you can still get B+ if in-class exercices are mostly full marks.Light workload, only few class exercises and short quizzes. No projects at allFirst of all,  the quizzes and exams are not really that hard. Quizzes are all about topics that are mentioned in class. Therefore, it would be okay if you pay attention in class and study lecture notes.Easy to understand what the professor said. Lesson is pretty engaging, the overall learning atmosphere is quite good.2020 mainly introduced the basic of accounting, mainly focused on balance sheet, statement of shareholders equity, statement of cash flow and income statement. The topics that are taught at the beginning of the course is covered in the hkdse bafs syllabus so its easier for ppl who have taken bafs in secondary school. And it'll be difficult for people who didnt study bafs to pick up the speed through out the course and higher effort than bafs-ers needed to be done.-quite clear
-taught some out of topics things
-cant rely on his notes that much since it is too simple and didnt cover all the important stuffThis courses introduces the basics of accounting, including four financial statement and accounting terms. Balance sheet and Income statement are thoroughly explained and taught to be nearly practical in real life whereas statement of cash flow is introduced a little bit. The accounting period is also introduced.
Methods and rules of recording transactions are introduced.
just as same as what other said.pretty well, humor, clear and detail teachingThis courses introduces the basics of accounting, including four financial statement and accounting terms. Balance sheet and Income statement are thoroughly explained and taught to be nearly practical in real life whereas statement of cash flow is introduced a little bit. The accounting period is also introduced.
Methods and rules of recording transactions are introduced.-Well-organised progress of the course
-Welcome to questions (online or in person)
-Use of tools and games to help understanding
-Nice to studentsTopics are mostly covered in HKDSE BAFS(Accounting), so it is pretty easy for those who have taken BAFS before.
REMEMBER TO ATTEND MOST OF THE LESSONS EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN LEARN IT AT HOME!!!!!
He put some in class examples into the final exam questions (carry many marks), those who skipped classes will not be able to answer.efficientThe content is quite easy to read and understand, but you have to study really hard to memorize the detail while you want to get a great grade.
The class content only contains a book and the ppt that professor provides, it is recommended that to read all the content beforehand so that you can ask the good question to leave the better impression which is important to this class to the professor.Professor's teaching is quite obvious and tone has ups and downs, so even though accounting is boring sometimes, you still can focus on the points that he made.
Though he is too funny sometimes, making fun of some jokes and student's name. Overall, he is still a good professor who is willing to answer every single question.content is simple. basically half of the course is similar to financial accounting in DSE. First half of the course is quite simple because it is similar to DSE.clearly explaining concepts. Tony is nice. The atmosphere in the lessons is good.not too bad. i didn't do much thing but still got an B-. the average mark is around 7X in Finalworkload is low.
1mid-term, 1 final, non-cimulative
some quizzes
some in-class ex, around once per 2weeks
These exercises are done by forms of groups
Actually no attendance is needed.this course is an advanced course of acct 3010 and the content is quite similar. if you did well in 3010, it is very easy for you to catch up the lesson.i forgot the name of my professor but she worked in big 4 in shanghai before. although her english was hard to understand, her teaching was very clear and full of content.This course is easy for those who studied accounting in HKDSE to handle. It includes basic knowledge and concepts. It is a useful course.Tony is a good professor. He is willing to answer students' enquires. His lessons are interesting and attractive. Have a good learning atmosphere in his class.basically the whole accounting textbook - for my sem, we did chapters 1-13 (skipping chapter 5) - the pace was quite fast (basically a chapter per lecture or 2)it was alright but she had problems with the microphone and every time she coughed it was like a mini explosion coming from the speakersonly midterm + final + group project (which you can choose)
- mean was quite high for both exams
participation is mandatory in this class and students are cold called in every class to demonstrate not only their knowledge of the course material but as % of their participationlittle workload (if you decide to not do the textbook questions albeit highly recommended to do so)
-actually his teaching style is funny but the content is more deeper than others http://professor.it's difficult for students who never learn bafs beforethe powerpoint isn't good,just use the publishing company's ppt
need to jot down notes,coz his exam like to have some extra tipsme midterm have mean,final below mean 0.5 sd got c+

my classmate both midterm and final below mean likely 2 sd got c,so the sd is quite bighave to finish many in class exerciase gp exercise and one midterm one finalThe content is about basic financial accounting theory. It is not very interesting and most of students hate it as they take it in the first term of the first year and the content is not easy to understand compared to other courses.Her teaching was quite boring. I studied all contents by myself with textbook. Her presentation is not really helpful. Try to get friends in other class notes for help. However, she was an exchange professor and doesn't teach at ust anymore.The content is just general accounting stuff, introducing double entry system and teach you how to prepare balance sheet, income statement and cashflow statement. It's time consuming to get to know to the concepts, but once you got it then everything go smooth.Tony encourages you to ask questions in class if you can't get his point. He will then explain it clearly. His powerpoint is clean and easy-to-understand. For students studied BAFS before you can just read the ppt and skip all lectures. (of cuz, not recommend). And he remembers everyone's name!The content is not similar to dse bafs and the ways of doing  the same account or transaction may be different. However, it will be better for students with bafs(accounting) background in my opinion.The teacher is very sincere and caring to students but the lessons are sometimes very boring. Professor has tried her best to make it more interesting though.the midterms are quite easy and comparatively shorter than other professors'
the participation mark is easy to get, you can either answer a question during lesson time (once is enough) or help the professor to clean the whiteboard
however, the final is quite hard and differ from the midterms, cheatsheet is allowed and i think it is quite importantthe lectures are just normal teaching, without using powerpoint slides, overall quite easy to catch up90% of course content is about the fundamental business rule which is quite useful for building up the basic understanding about Finance and Accounting. The course content follows closely to textbook. later part of include some Financial Mathematics that need to devote more time to practice.She is the visiting teacher and she would leave after this Semester. Standardized teaching method, Powerpoint Karaoke. Sometimes she would use Excel to crunch the case and questions step by step which is the most clearest way to understand the accounting concept, but her teaching style is a bit boring, i nearly fall asleep every lecture.The course was actually very usful for student who have no pre-knowledge about accouting. It was taught from the very begining and covered all basic and necessary material. it was not difficult at all as long as you follow the course. You don't even have to attend all the lecture, reading the textbook and self study will also do.Kelvin is an brilliant teacher, he is local but his english is excellent. He some times told jokes in class and the teaching atmosphere was always quite relax and enjoyabe. Also, he has beautiful hand writing. Love him.It contains the basic knowledge of accounting. Most of the content is the same as DSE BAFS (accounting elective). For examples, Debit and Credit, income statement and balance sheet (only need to know the accounting items, not prepare one) For those who studied DSE accounting is easy to handle.Professor Mak is super friendly and nice, he is very patience to answer students'questions and would love to teach student steps by steps, so it is easy for non-accounting background student to catch up.  He also encourages students to participate in class. Overall, he is a really nice guy.It is about learning how to prepare financial statements (e.g. income statement, balance sheet, statement of cash flow and statement of shareholders' equity) and also understanding the differences between the US accounting principle and IFRS (International Financial Reporting Standards).Professor is good and he is willing to teach you. You are welcome to ask different kind of questions.Covered a lot of topics in the book and before midterms or final exams, we did the exercises in the books together which helps to reinforce the comprehension of the course.Her pace in teaching isn't too slow or too fast in comparison to other teachers teaching the same course.  Teaching was easy to understand if you listen attentively.Didnt learn account in secondary school. It is to learn how to prepare financial statement.Professor is good that he is willing to tell you some knowledge outside the book which is useful  .There is one midterm and one final. Attendence is not counted. There is extra point you can get through answering questions or demonstrating your work in class.Workload is low.There is no homework. Although the professor will distribute in class exercise, he wont collect it. He will just discuss the answer with you in class.Professor Li's course is well-organized and you can know from the beginning what he is going to cover and test in the whole course. He will show many real world cases in his class which are really fascinating.Professor Li teaches in an appropriate pace and encourages us to do class-related presentations and to solve in-class questions on board, which, personally speaking, is really great.hadn't study account before, quite different at first.But if you pat attention in classes, you learn lots of things.And I think  mid-term and exam is very differentGood professor, teach with ppt, the clear points and easy to catch, teach with good toneGrading Scheme                 %
Attendance and Participation 5
In-class Group Exercises  10
Three  In-class Quizzes @ 20 points each (drop the lowest one) 10 Mid-term Exam 35
Final Examination (non-cumulative) 40    
TOTAL   100
mid term mean
final mean
In-class group exercises+quizzes: around 17/20
total grade BI think workload is okay. There is 4 group exercises. You and your groupmates need to finish it within 15-20 minutes, so both of you need to do some revision.Otherwise you may find that time is not enough.Similar to DSE BAFS (accounting module), some new topics( eg,statement of cash flows). However, midterm and final quite difficult. If you pay effort, you will get a good result, (even though you have never studied acct in secondary school before).Quite interesting, good professor with clear presentation skills
Teach with Powerpoint slides, not boring at allThe content is not so difficult, that with certain effort, it is absolutely manageable to all students. However, the content is quite similar to the ACCT taught in secondary schools, so it favours students with ACCT elective in HKDSE.The explanation is clear and simple. However, it may be quite boring since the instructor may only copy the content on the slides prepared.Basic accounting knowledge learnt from high school
A couple of new things only
Accounting ratios, accounting principles, double entries, preparation of income statement, balance sheet, statement of cash flow and owner's equity are taught.for students who havent studied BAFS in high school, it may be a little bit difficult to catch up
but the effort will pay out
coz the stuff are not too hard

good teacher that answer all questions patiently either in classes or on canvascontent is manageable for those without any accounting background.kelvin teaches very slowly, making sure every student understands the content thoroughly. he is one of the best professors ive had so far.grading is based on the mid term, final, ethics assignment, as well as in class participation.workload is close to none if you choose not to do the recommended practice questions from the textbook. there was only an ethics assignment. reading the textbook and doing the practice questions provided is more than enough to study for the exams.Content is quite easy to follow in the beginning but a bit hard in the some topics as concepts should be clarified. However, you can understand them even though you have not study it before. Of course, hard word is required for better gradingThe lessons are quite boring so you may not be concentrated throughout the lesson. However, the teacher is very nice and she welcomes all questions from students.All things taught are just fundamental concepts that are comparatively easy to the other instructors. It is highly recommended to take his course.Kelvin taught vividly and his teaching is easy to follow. He is also helpful that would provide many back up.I have attended only three lessons and got a final grade of B+.
If you intended to get A, I highly recommend you to attend his lessons and pay attention to the IN-CLASS EXAMPLES that there would be questions based on the example in the final exam.The workload is not so heavy and of adequate level. All I have done is just examinations and one ethics assignment. ForQuite general acct knowledge you would expect to learn. Everything from the balance sheet, income statement to statement of cash flow.

Balance Sheet
Adjusting Entries
Bad debts
Cost of good sold
Property, Plant & Equipment
Liabilities
Statement of cash flow
Financial Analysis ToolMr Kelvin is really helpful and nice. His teaching pace is suitable and always make sure we understand first. He answered almost all questions raised in class and after class.

Moreover, he used many examples in class. (Make sure you write them down, they will be tested in the finals). He is really friendly. In general, I really enjoyed his lessonsTry to attend all the sessions since ppts are not that detailed and you would have to add notes. He mainly uses ppt and exams are basically based on ppt. He often uses in class examples. So if you miss the class, you might fine the exam relatively difficult.Easy to follow, detailed ppts, class based on his ppt.
He makes sure that everyone class follow his class.A bit more and different from what we have learnt in DSE.Not really funny teaching but she is really helpful. Just feel free to ask her questions and she will try her best to help and she is willing to help us to get a higher grade.For the exam, it is really hard but you can easily get full marks in participation and in-class exercises.Very low workload as only two midterms (The first one is easy to get full marks) and 12 in-class exercises (which you can simply find the answers).1. Overview of corporate financial reporting
2. Investing and financing decisions and the balance sheet
3. Opering decisions and the income statement
6. Sales revenue, receivables, and cash
7. Cost of goos sold and inventory
8. Property, plant, and equipment
9. Current Liabilities Time value of money
10. Bonds and long-term debtsIt is hard to catch up the lesson if you don’t have account basic knowledge.
On the other hand, he talked a lot about many contents that dont include in the exam. For the one who like to learn more practical usage of accounting and have studied account before, It is highly recommended him.
Also, he is super kind. He won’t count the attendance. He also said that he let us to attend his lesson or not as soon as we can get the good results and manage our time.
He offered help as well. He welcomed students to ask question in the canvas and he answered one by one. Besides, He opened some official hours to answer students’ questions. It helped me to improve my grade a little bit.Content is mostly studied in secondary school BAFS. But it's quite different in some forms of presentation.Some in class exercises for you to ensure you know everything in the lessons. And professor's teaching is easy to understand by providing some simple examples.No attendance. 6% Participation marks are earned by answering one question only. The midterms are quite easy. But final is much more difficult than midterms. Getting around 70% in final can have an A range if you did not too bad in previous midterm.You can skip 3 in class exercise to get full mark in this criteria(24%) when there's 11 in total. Quite easy to earn marks even if you are lazy.rich content and detailed powerpoint with examples

topics:
financial statements
balance sheet
income statement
year end adjustments
sales revenue+receivables
inventory+cost of goods sold
PPE
liabilities
owners equity
cash flowsprof gave a lot of examples to explain each component of the topic
he is willing to spare time for students to ask him questions and he always ensures that students understand everything before moving on to the next topiccontent is not much and what we learnt was just like high school level. It is easy to catch up the content of classkeep reading the ppt and other unrelated stuff. But sometimes she likes talking about current affairs related to the business which are totally unrelated to the exam.I got not bad marks but the grade is not good. and the final is difficult. but midterm is extremely easy. I got a mean in final exam but that gave me a B+.Little workload. Only fews homework and some quiz in classcontent is not much he will try to cover as less as chapter he can.
he said he will test what he taught but it is not true. When i saw the final, i was panic.keep reading the ppt and other unrelated stuff. he likes talking about current affairs related to the business which are totally unrelated to the exam.I got not bad marks but the grade is not good. and the final is difficult. but midterm is extremely easy but the mean is extreme high 96/110no workload, no homework quiz presentation (optional), only one midterm. but the problem is the grade only depend on the midterm and final.Chapters 1-3, 6-10 [Short, Libby, and Libby. Financial Accounting, 8th edition (2014)]
[Less content is covered and tested compared to other professors.]He teaches at a relatively slow pace, and sometimes side-tracks away from accounting. As a result, less content is covered.basic accounting topics u learn in high school
very very very basic in the first few lectures, but gets a tiny wad bit tougher in the last few lectureshe goes through the lesson and explains extremely slowly and makes sure 110% of the class understands
super slow in the first few lectures
suddenly pickin up the speed in the last few lecturesTopics are mostly covered in HKDSE BAFS(Accounting), so it is pretty easy for those who have taken BAFS before.
REMEMBER TO ATTEND MOST OF THE LESSONS EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN LEARN IT AT HOME!!!!!
He put some in class examples into the final exam questions (carry many marks), those who skipped classes will not be able to answer.Kinda boring and the pace is a little bit slow for those who have learnt before, but it is VERY FAST and hard to pick up for those who have not learnt before.Attendance and Participation 5%

In-class Group Exercises 10%

Three In-class Quizzes @ 20 points each (drop the lowest one) 10%

Mid-term Exam 35%

Final Examination (non-cumulative) 40%It's about financial accounting which covers these chapters:
- 4 financial statements
- T-account
- Operating activities
- Bad debts
- Inventory & Cost of Goods Sold
- Depreciation
- Time value of money
- BondsI only came to 3 or 4 classes so I cannot say much about his teaching, but he likes to give real life examples about the topics discussed in class.The content is more or less the same as what you have learnt in secondary school in the first few lessons but you will find something new in the following lessons such as shipping term and statement of cash flow.  The powerpoint is simple and clear.He taught students with real daily examples and sometimes ask questions. His lesson is interesting.The content was above average. The professor followed the textbook in an orderly manner with high relevancy with the textbook in regards to text. She also lectured with powerpoints during class and shared them online as well.Her teaching was very organized and well-prepared. She will have certain patterns to lead her class.Content is not too heavy because it is non cumulative and therefore your midterm exam will cover 6-7 chapters and the final will cover the chapters not covered after that.

Content is quite tough for students who have not done accounting before.

The individual quizzes are quite straightforward as he will tell you exactly what topic to prepare for and the group quizzes are tough when you have freeloaders in your group however not too big of a deal because they are open book.Professor doesn't mind whether or not you attend class however it's pretty useful for the parts of the course that involve mathematics because he explains these well. Other parts of the course can be easily understood through the textbook and the professor isn't very helpful.Content is less than other teachers
mostly theoretical for his class
no making of full balance sheet or income statementhe explains some points in his ppt but elaboration is sometimes confusing.
have to self-study for the basic accounting principles and skills
easier to understand if you already studied accounting beforeNo CommentTony is a great professor but giving out fair grades :( He is passionate in teaching, answered all students' question clearly, you may take his course if you'd like to earn more participation marks.no attendance requirement. There are two simple midterms, but the final is extremely difficult. Cheatsheet is allowed in final.She uses examples to explain different cases. But the speed of explaining is a little bit slow. She will distribute her own notes and i think it is not bad.I got a B+ by gaining 82% overall. You can gain participation mark by cleaning the blackboard or answering questions. Marks are included by handling in in-class exercises.In class exercises are distributed every week and students need to hand them in every week. Those exercises are not that difficult since they are similar to the exercises in the book.The content taught was appropriate, throughout the semester 9 chapters were taught.Kelvin is a knowledgeable professor, he answered questions asked by students very patiently. Moreover, there are some practice questions that Kelvin will do with us during class. Kelvin stated his teaching with the final financial statements to consolidate the most basic elements of financial accounting.Teaching syllabus is around 10 chapters, while other professors may only have 8 chapters, so it will be more difficult to get a higher grade.Good teaching as she will review all the examinations questions after examination and give us tips about the exams.Overall the teaching is very good, but the grade is a little "broken".Exam syllabus is a little bit too much, comparing with the other professors. There are three mid-terms but it is easier to catch up the content of ACCT. However, there are no homework but only class assignment.A really good course if you wanna learn basic accounting. The content is pretty basic as it does not require you any previous knowledge of accounting to excel in the class.Tony's teaching is excellent in my opinion.The course is quite similar to the DSE accounting syllabusEvery class a class note would be given, you can download it from canvas. Also the prof. is really nice ,if you have any questions you can ask after class or on canvas discussion boardthe course is quite similar to the DSE accounting syllabusevery class a class note would be given, you can download it from canvas. Also the prof. is really nice ,if you have any questions you can ask after class or on canvas discussion board.This course is suitable for students who want to learn basic accounting knowledge. Basic information like credit and debit,  different type of accounts, how to prepare income statement, statement of cash flow, balance sheet and how are they related, etc.Professor Li used powerpoint and in-class exercise to teach, around 30% of the lessons are taught about financial news, which is not very related to accounting but it was good to students who want to know more about operation of business companies.We learnt 12 units in this one term, all of which appeared in the final exam. We followed a textbook, which I recommend you getting a hard copy to. All topics we very relevant to accounting, but were very content heavy.
Chap1: Financial Statements and Business Decisions
Chap2: Investing and Financing Decisions and the Accounting System
Chap3: Operating Decisions and the Accounting System
Chap4: Adjustments, Financial Statements and the Quality of Earnings
Chap6: Reporting and Interpreting Sales Revenue, Receivables and Cash
Chap7: Reporting and Interpreting Cost of Goods Sold and Inventory
Chap8: Reporting and Interpreting Property, Plant, and Equipment; Intangibles; and Natural Resources
Chap9: Reporting and Interpreting Liabilities
Chap10: Reporting and Interpreting Bonds
Chap11: Reporting and Interpreting Owners' Equity
Chap13: Statement of Cash FlowsProfessor Ho was a good teacher in that she provided us many tips on how to calculate the different values we needed. She was always on topic and also gave us real life examples while teaching. I would only comment negatively on her organisation (in moving on from topic to topic) and technical skills, as there were many times I could not see what she was writing. Also, while she had her moments where she was engaging, due to how she speaks and its pace, it's very easy to get too comfortable... even when in her slow speeches she is going through the whole chapter in that one lesson.ppt and  extra example
quite similar with the acct in secondary school
eg inventory, balance sheet, income statement etc.
jot down everything (as more as you can )in the lesson because they will appear in the examquite interesting
teaching  process slow
many Q&A session
over-run every lesson
there are some practices in the lesson (work in group)----->participation markHis class is interesting
Very suitable for the students whom haven't studied acct before
But try not to skip any lecturesHe did help many fm who dont know acct before. He is patient and friendly.
He seldom skipped the topics like other prof. I found acct is quite interesting after his lectures.for the final exam, it is not cumulative so the workload is comparatively lowertony will use cantonese to answer students' questions and he maintained a good atmosphere in class. but sometimes it is a bit too fast and what he explained is too difficultquite usefulNot bad for classes and the powerpoint included most of the important concepts of the coursemy marks of so called "mini examsss" ( I bet the reason why they dont call it midterm is that a term cant be mid for three times!!!!!) was overall above mean  (the marks of final is not released and the whole course vanish without a trace on canvas so as all the marks of project and quizzes, theres no way that you could argue with the professor about your grading as even if you ask for the marks and details of your grading no one will EVER reply you) and eventually I got a  C range!!!!!we're required to finish ~6 in-class assignments and which means you hav to attend most of the lessons to keep yourself informed of the date when you will hav to finish all the in-class assignments and you will also hav 3 mini exams(which are actually midterms but they polished their names and patently they were never as MINI as they claimed) at the end of the term we hav to submit a critical thinking project, its not as shit as the above provided that your group mates are not free rider or retard that cant read the instructions!!!!!!!It is basic accounting knowledge which is not difficult for completely new learners. It mainly covers financial statement and some GAAP concepts,Professor is nice and prepared PPT well. Her teaching is average and easy to follow.3-4 mid-term, one final and one accounting case study (group format with maximum 4 people/group)
participation point would be given when you ask/answer professor question.

I guess the mean is B as many people I know got good result.not heavy . one group project and some easy in-class assignments.Content

The comtent covers the most important parts of the book. From corporation itself to its investing and financing. The class also includes a tutorial, whose schedule is decided in The first one or two weeks. My schedule totally conflicted with all its tutorials, even the later added one. So I have never been to one. But I think it's ok since the tutorial slides are very easy.


Teaching

Well, what you learnt in class is just NOT ENOUGH! You have no idea what is going to be in the exam! For example, the first part about corporation is covered too little, but it was highly required in the exam!



Grading

10% participation(9% PRS 1% bonus card)
15% homework 9out of 10
30% midterm
45%final
I scored about 87% in total and got a B＋... pretty disappointed. But as I said before, the class is full of experts, so you just can't expect a good grade.


Workload

A bit of heavy I think. The homework is just sContent

The comtent covers the most important parts of the book. From corporation itself to its investing and financing. The class also includes a tutorial, whose schedule is decided in The first one or two weeks. My schedule totally conflicted with all its tutorials, even the later added one. So I have never been to one. But I think it's ok since the tutorial slides are very easy.


Teaching

Well, what you learnt in class is just NOT ENOUGH! You have no idea what is going to be in the exam! For example, the first part about corporation is covered too little, but it was highly required in the exam!



Grading

10% participation(9% PRS 1% bonus card)
15% homework 9out of 10
30% midterm
45%final
I scored about 87% in total and got a B＋... pretty disappointed. But as I said before, the class is full of experts, so you just can't expect a good grade.


Workload

A bit of heavy I think. The homework is just sNot so difficult to understand.Able and very pleased to answer students' questions.
Well teaching
He explained the concept clearly and easy for students to understand.
There are many foreigners in the class and they usually ask a lot of questions and that also help other students to understand the concepts.Basic accounting stuff, mostly dse bafs contentgood professor, easy to understand. Although I did not take bafs in dse i can still fully understand the concept.Attendance and Participation 5
In-class Group Exercises 10
Three In-class Quizzes @ 20 points each (drop the lowest one) 10
Mid-term Exam 35
Final Examination (non-cumulative) 40he has given all end of chapter ex solution to us, and it is optional. The only real wordload is mid term and final. grp ex and quiz are easy as long as u attend all lessons and understand the concepts:)The course includes 11 chapters.
It nearly covers the whole syllabus taught in NSS
Excluding partnership and some accounting principles.
But something new are the calculation on bonds and fixed assets.
And some terms used in American accounting are quite different from which in British accounting.
So even though you have learnt accounting at high school
This course can still be difficult to you.
ESPECIALLY BONDS!!! BONDS!!! BONDS!!!

But honestly, the material taught is quite comprehensive and useful.
At least, the curriculum is good.Though her notes are quite clear and easy to understand.
But the teaching routine was FUCKING MESSY!!!
She always skipped to another example without any omens
Even the geniuses like Gbus students could not catch up with what she was saying.
Besides that, some of the calculation methods she taught are different with which in textbook.
It is difficult for you to do self-revision!!!

But because of the well-prepared notes,
She might be a good instructor to those beginners.

Btw, when you ask her question,
Her response was usually VERY VERY VERY unclear.
But honestly she is nice and willing to answer any questions.Useful
Mainly from the textbook though she does try to add little background knowledge of her own
11 Chapters in total
Most questions mainly come from the textbook
so its better to revise thatVery BAD
Not due to a lack of effort
Her lessons are very chaotic and not structured at all
Nearly everyone has no idea what she is talking about
She jumps from one example to another without even telling us that she isQuite similar to DSE BAFS (accounting).
Topics like Cash flow, bad debts and bonds are more challenging than the DSE syllabusIt is sometimes hard to follow during lectures, but prof is patient and willing to answer questions after class. She replies to canvas discussion questions quickly and clearly.The course only covered some of the most basic accounting principal. If you are going to take accounting as your major, I wouldn't recommend this course, but if you take it only because its pre-enrolled you MUST be in this class.He teaches every material very clearly and he make sure everyone in the class understand the materials.This course is mainly about basic accounting knowledge. The content is not easy to understand for some people who had never learned accounting, but hard works pay off. For people who know those basic things, it is very easy for them to get a good grade.Tony is a good teacher in terms of solving students' questions about accounting. It is not uncommon to find out that a lot of lecture time are spent on answering questions. But sometimes he might spend so many time on it, and may slow down the schedule and make the schedule tight.Content is quite easy whether you have accounting background or not. For someone with no accounting background, he explains the material very clearly.Good teaching skills. Attentive to student's questions and tries to be engaging in class. PowerPoint slides were very detailed and act as a summary of sorts but you would still need to buy the book as he gives suggested problems to work on from the textbook. He gives quite challenging problems for in-class assignments as well as quizzes and exams.Content is easy if you have accounting background. Or else you need a lot of time to catch up. I studied almost every day on materials but can't find relevant pages in the textbook. Had to reread the whole book and ditch the PowerPoint.I have no idea what I have been doing mainly because of Kelvin. He's a nice person but since he does taxation more than auditing (from his LinkedIn) he isn't really that familiar with financial recoding stuff.Content aspect can be looked in two different ways:
A. For those who have done accounting in high school, you will find around  80% similarity, hence shouldn't be a problem.
B. For those who haven't done accounting in high school, the content is sufficient to make you aware of what accounting really is.

Overall, the content is basic.The teaching method is very good and everything is explained in detail. Doubts are handled really well.it's quite easy to handle for those who study accounting in high school
the content is basically the same as high school accounting but the terms are slightly differentgood, enthusiastic, care about every students, funny
sometimes, he makes jokes during the lesson
if u have any questions, he's willing to answer it all the time.Basics of financial accounting: accounting system, 4 basic financial statements, and the accounting treatments for the items which appear on the statements, like revenue, inventory, long-term assets, liabilities/bonds, cash flow, etc.Prof Chen's lecture notes are precise and clear, though having typos and calculation mistakes sometimes. Proof-reading is essential for her LOL.
However, she uses examples not stated in the lecture notes to illustrate the concepts very often. That's fine for me as a previous BAFS student in high school, but certainly not okay for my peers without accounting background.
Nevertheless, I must say Prof Chen is a nice professor. She is always patient to answer the questions raised by my peers with a smile. She also treats every single word she says seriously. One day she shared a piece of information about the characteristics of the accounting frauds. On the next day I saw her announcement on Canvas, asking us not to use race and gender to judge others (Although I think no one treat her words seriously...). That's really hard to find a professor treating teaching seriously as her.Professor sometimes won't follow the chapter of book. But mostly he teaches things in the book.Always say some thing that will not be covered in the exam but has some practical usage. I think it's useful in the futureProfessor will answer students' question with enough patience. And in class there are some in class question that will be fully explained. So I think he teaches pretty well.It is somehow a completely whole new world to you even though you learnt accounting in high school. Yet, the powerpoint is useful. As long as you can fully understand the content in ppt and do more exercise, it would not be that bad.Very interactive. You will never feel boring in the lesson because his voice is not plain at all.Very Good !

His ppt covers almost all the material in the textbook ( except  some examples )I love how he starts his lesson by discussing news and his experience.

He is super clear in teaching, not too fast and not too slow.usefulHe tries very hard to answer our questions through canvas or offline means. He also makes good point and provides useful tips during the class. He also tries to make jokes which mostly works well.Professor Ho provides good powerpoints which are in-depth and relevant. However she does tend to repeat similar points throughout the lessons.She teaches well and in depth, however she does not allow students to work through the classwork first before going through the answers which becomes a bit frustrating.She uses powerpoint with lots of notes. However not everything is relevant to the course.Personally I found her lesson pretty boring. She has a good teaching background, but she seems to assume everyone has learned accounting before and didn't really explain all the contents in detail.
However you can always ask her questions by email, and she will answer your question immediately.the note is quite detailed with many examples. However, i think that she often teaches something which is not included in the notes, so better not to skip any lesson or you will miss something important.I think her teaching is really boring. Not many interactions with the students. And sometimes she assumes that all we have a basic knowledge of accounting so she tends to skip some steps.  But you can email if you have any question, she usually answers in detail and makes sure you understand the concept.The content is fine, and the Prof's notes is pretty good. There're a lot of examples on the notes, so we can have a lot of practice to clarify some confused concepts.She kind of assumed most of us have accounting basis, as local student who took HKDSE might leanred some basic concepts already. However, this creates certain obstacle for International and Non-JUPAS students. We might have to pay extra attention to every word the Prof. said. Another issues is that the Prof. often talked about something that are not mentioned on the notes, so it's better to bring your own notebook to the class so you can take some notes about some interesting knowledge.She prepared some notes for us but those notes are very short and are not detailed enough. I am new to accounting which makes me very difficult to follow the notes that she has given to us.She use a lot of examples which is great.
However she assume most of us have some basic knowledge about accounting which is not true. She did not go through some basic terms clearly like what is credit and debit.She prepared her own powerpoint and worksheet for us.She also use the textbook content to teach.sometimes, she will add her points on the board.Her teaching style is quite good. We can understand the content clearly with her explanation.We Just start the lesson so i don't know what grade will get .It is just the beginning of the fall semester. There are just a little work to do in the class or at home. however, the workload will be increased in the coming future.Quite difficult to understand her concepts of accountingHer lecture is to dull, also she didn't really explain how the accounting system works. If I am a beginner, I will totally not understand what she saids.I am not very sure about her grading. You may need to ask the seniors more about the grading. She doesn't take attendance very highly. As long as you submit all your work on the dropbox on time, you will pass. Only marks under 45% will fail.There are 11 assignments to hand in in total, but you need to hand in at least 8.The content is great, you learn about intellectual property law - things like copyright, patents, trade marks, etc. All really useful stuff and must know imo. However, since you need to memorize a lot (and I mean a lot) of laws, court cases and things, it can get a bit boring/dry sometimes and difficult as well. No attendance required. Just study the material but seriously, why would you not want to attend Prof. Clark's lecture? He's one of the best!The content is great, you learn about intellectual property law - things like copyright, patents, trade marks, etc. All really useful stuff and must know imo. However, since you need to memorize a lot (and I mean a lot) of laws, court cases and things, it can get a bit boring/dry sometimes and difficult as well. No attendance required. Just study the material but seriously, why would you not want to attend Prof. Clark's lecture? He's one of the best!Similar to dse bafs accounting course (Introduction to Financial Accounting part)
- financial statements
- ratios + analysis
- journals + ledgers
- Cost of goods sold + inventory
- Property, plant and equipment + depreciation
- current liabilities
- bonds + long term debts
- equity (capital)A bit boring.
He often talked about irrelevant materials eg. stock market.Its quite easy to handle. Indeed, many fm will also take this courseits fun course but i think if it would be much better if the prof. could speak more fluent english.its easy, good grading  course. I highly recommend all of you to take this great course.In terms of assignment, this course is on average. However, the tutorial of this class is really demanding. Without good lecture, you really have to rely on the tutors and TAs.Luckily, I think they did a good job overallIts quite easy to handle. Indeed, many fm will also take this courseits fun course but i think if it would be much better if the prof. could speak more fluent english.its easy, good grading  course. I highly recommend all of you to take this great course.In terms of assignment, this course is on average. However, the tutorial of this class is really demanding. Without good lecture, you really have to rely on the tutors and TAs.Luckily, I think they did a good job overallVery funny but you need to do exercise in the book
acceptable exam and midtermquite good and no need to take attendance
not boring but you may miss the important exam tips if you don't attend the class as he will mention what is more important in the class and the quetion will appear in the final exam and midtermThe course content is more or less same with the others' professors, and it is quite easy to pick up for freshman.Mak teaches in an interesting way, and his lesson is not boring.The grading are quite good in fact. Students just need to memorize the notes given in the lectures to finish the exams. It's a memory task!Some quiz will be given in the lesson, but it is not so difficult as those are the topics discussed in class already. All you need to do is to revise after the lesson, and you will be fine.what she taught is really practical and useful, not only in accounting but also daily basisshe teaches really well in class, and always ask if any student got questions, she will hand out participation cards if anyone answers the question she asked.although I got below mean in 1 of the midterms, and just on mean for another midterm and final, i still got an B+ which is a very good grade to me.we need to do 5 assignments, but with group mates that she is not very hard if you guys work together.Super easy and elementary if you have studied BAFS in HKDSE. But for those who haven't, it can be quite hard, especially when it comes to ch.6.Xi Li's teaching is okay. He clearly explains the theories and gives real life example which helps a lot. However he often talks about his career out of UST (about his company) and mentioning different financial news which is totally out of topic and useless.About basic accounting principlesProfessor used lectures notes as well as exercises for teaching, she had used visualiser and PowerPoint in the same time.
Professor will ask questions and students need to answer the questions in order to get participation cards to satisfy the attendance requirement. Or you can ask questions to get the card as well.Basic knowledge of financial accounting. It is one of the essential and easy courses in the school of business and management.Great professor.
The professor is passionate on his lectures, and teaches in clarity. Energetic and has a sense of humour. The professor is Taiwanese, and he is really helpful when you ask him questions.The content is simple enough for understanding. The professor will provide a lot of examples to instruct the concepts. By doing the class activities, students have a better understanding in calculating and have a clear mindset.He is quite funny and kind professor. Also, he would love to answer your questions. You can talk with him as friends. Sometimes, he will mix the content together at the beginning of the lectures. No worries, he will explain them to you one by one in the following classes.The content is quite simple. The professor discusses a lot about different terminologies in the course as well as relativly simple numericals. He also shows a lot of video clips and discusses a lot of examples to ensure that the students clearly understand the concepts.He is a very kind professor and is willing to answer an queries one has. He ensures that the students make most out of the 3 hours and are not bored in the class. He is very entertaining in the class and very concise while explaining the content. However, he does go quite slow and is not able to finish the topics completely as planned. As a result, the amount of the content being tested reduces.He is a good professor, he elaborate all the key points about all accounting principles. Don't skip class as he take attendance as parts of the final grade.No Commentgrading is good as long as you have studied his powerpoint and try some question in textbook. The exam and mid term is quite easy when you are familiar with those questions in the book.Workload is light as their is no homework for this class, all homework is voluntary. There are only some classworks in groups and two quiz before both mid term and final examhe is rly good at teaching from zero to something. He is a funny person. He wear a stylish cloth to school.very funny. A hongkonger, sometimes he will say cantonese on the class. He will teach students to do step by step. if you have taken bafs in secondary school, youmay think he is rly teaching slow.ACCT2010 is a business core course to sbm student, so business students must study this course. This course is mainly about basic concepts of accounting and some accounting foundation knowledge. If you have studied BAFS (acct) before, that will help you a lot.The professor teaches according to the textbook, but he will illustrate and give you more time to practice on class, which does help you to understand.Acct 2010 is the basic course for SBM students. No complicated contents are mentioned during the lectures. I personally believe the concepts and contents in 2010 are useful for all students.The professor is a nice guy which is very willing to help students. He usually  covers half a chapter each lecture, but he ll save more time to deal with chapters with more contents.Learn to make income statement and balance sheet. Also, some basic concepts, including T-account, debit and credit are mentioned. It might be difficult for some beginners.Tony explained every concept clearly. And he will personally answer your questions after class .Most of the contents are the same as HKDSE BAFS syllabus. The content mainly focuses on introducing financial statements and the accounts appeared in the financial statements, especially income statement and balance sheet.Kelvin prepares his own powerpoint but the powerpoint is quite brief. His teaching is quite clear but it may be too fast and difficult to follow for non-BAFS students.The content is very similar to the BAFS syllabus.
Just some new topics however, his notes and textbook questions are very elaborate.His english is really good, he remembers everyone's names in class. There's no attendance taken however, it is better to follow his teaching as he teaches very well.He often asks questions, especially to the girls.His lecture notes are key, along with his recommended textbook questions.If you have studied BAFS in high school, that would be a piece of cake for you, but still bear in mind there is some new stuff in the content.Tony got a really clear voice and his English is good enough for your understanding. I really appreciate his teaching with clear outlines and the step-by-step teaching can help students who are new to accounting understand the content really goodThe subject can be very boring, but if you are good at following methodical, careful processes then it isn't too difficult. It's the initial learning curve within the first few units that make the class feel difficult. Accounting is a subject that rewards those who work efficiently and carefully.Tony Shieh is an excellent professor. He really cares about his students and wants to see them succeed. I found him to be very helpful during office hours. Make sure you pay attention to him in class.No midterm exams but have 3 mini exams
Textbook required (classwork questions are all from the textbook)
Although the professor didn't mark down the attendance records, he may recognize some of the students. Also, there was a fixed seating plan. Therefore, it is not recommended of you to skip classes.Very clear powerpoint, easy to understand.
Very detailed explanation.Content is very good and very clear. He uploads all his materials in the form of power points on canvas. Also, the contents are very concise and direct. He also expects us to be able to read real financial reports.He is a very energetic and passionate teacher, he teaches clearly although sometimes he goes too fast. He also often tells the students about real life examples of accounting cases. Overall, he is a very good teacher with a very broad knowledge about accounting and he is very recommended is you want good understanding about accounting(although his grading is so so)Covers the basics of financial statements, time value of money, bonds, etc. You will need to memorize some terms but the course is straightforward. As long as you attend class, and don't fall too much behind it's fairly easy in terms of content (just not that interesting... boring)The prof explains very well, not too fasts, not too slow and really underlines the logic behind accounting. Very methodical and easy to follow, good English too.provides overiew of financial accounting
Some of the new contents are difficult to follow, so reading course slides or going over textbook before class is encouraged.Good.
- Prepares exerceises which come up in exams
- Asks questions during class, to help students to earn participation grade.
-foundation course of acct
bafs ppl will have advantage, but not much
have in-class exercise and suggested exercises
some of the questions in midterms and final are similar to suggested exercises, so just follow her suggested ones then will be ok in examsVery usefulLarge. Charles gave us 3 quiz and 1 final.Content of the course is comprehensive
it covers every single aspect of financial accountingTony is a good instructor, he explains every concepts in detail and expects students to ask question at anytimegrading is fair
I didn't put too much time and didn't do well in exams. overall I am just above average, and I got BWorkload is not little to people who didn't touch anything about accounting before

you need to put a lot of time in final and midterm, just keep practicing using the problem sets in the textbookThe content covered in the first few lessons is quite similar to those DSE students learnt in high school according to my friends. Nonetheless there were many new concepts. Be aware of what Prof. Tony says during class about the concepts.Prof. Tony is a very passionate teacher. He takes the time explain concepts so make sure to take notes. However, don't forget to practice the textbook questions a lot because those are ultimately what will be tested in the exam. I liked his class because he was funny and interactive. He often asked people questions and took the effort to remember our names. He did mention that he cares a lot about,  impression during his grading so it may be good for people who often speak up in class.useful class. painful grade. it teaches me some basic accounting knowledge.............zz zzzi think the pace is too fast for a student who haven't learnt any accounting knowledge before. Zz zz3 quiz +1 final+two case. finally got a B.......... zz zz zztwo case as assignment. have exercise on class and after class but don't need to hand in. however, if you want to get a good grade, you have to work very hard and spend a lot of time on this course.zz zzThis course should have cover a lot of topics in accounting, however, the instructor decide to skip a lot of topics. As a result, those topics are excluded in our exam, which is a glad thing. But in long term, if you want to major in account, i believe you will have to work harder in order to catch up with the other classes.He had told us that he want the students who had learnt BA to learn something new so he had added in a lot of cases and extra concepts to us, it is definitely a good thing for those students, however, for students like me who didn't study ba in high school, it is pretty hard to distinguish what will be on the test and what will not be on the test. Moreover, it sometimes make students like me feel bored.Basic accounting knowledge. Easy to understand for those who have studied accounting.Detailed explanation of the accounting concept. Welcomed students to participate more during the lessons. He'd love to answer your questions.FAIR. (Do really depend on your exam)
5% Participation
10% In-class Group Exercises
10% In-class Quizzes (Different lectures may have different version)
35% Mid-term Exam
40% Final ExaminationNO assignments but had 5 in-class exercises and 3 Quizzes.
Some HW problems are given to you for reference. Better to finish it before exam or quizzes if you haven't studied accounting.
*NO attendance is counted*Please note that Tony use the book different from other professors. (He said that the book is more easy for us to understand)The content of this course is similar to the content of the DSE BAFS but not all the same!
Be careful that the style (USGAAP) is totally different from the  DSE(2015) (IFRS). Some of content is more difficult that DSE.

The exam content is not as difficult as DSE. Sometime is quite straight forward.very nice. If you have any questions, you can ask him in the class or after class. He loves to help students to solve their problems. The explanation is well and you can learn more too. He will adjust the speed of teaching according to the class. In each lesson, he will do some revision of the materials of the last lesson. It makes things clear.Very basic and useful knowledge for students who had never studied Accounting beforeThough not allowing you to use electronic devices, the prof's method worked perfectly to demand students' focus, allowing easier understanding of the contentBasic knowledge of accounting, not difficult to understand, if you have studied BAFS in secondary school, you'll be fineyou can understand everything by reading the notes, the words of professor are kinda uselessEven though the marks I got are almost above mean 1 std, I still got a B only... Maybe because of the participation? you can ask more questions and stay focus in order to impress Charles12 In-class groupwork + 3 mini exams + 2 projects + 1 final exam
Many works to do but not hard to finish themeasy to follow at the beginning but became harder to understand as it goes. It is a compulsory course but personally think does not suit non-jupas students.He's a funny guy with Chinese accent. He is okay in teaching as he is just reading out the highlights of the book and using the same examples.His TAs are very tolerant in grading.No much work to do, except there is a group work for every lesson. There is 2 case studies for the course and it is relevant to the course and relatively easy to handle. There is 3 midterms - easy and 1 final exam - hard.Beginner level. The course starts to get difficult only at the very last few lectures. Very easy to follow in general.Teaching is excellent. Power points are very clear and straight forward. You have to pay attention in class to fill the blanks though, but the class is good enough to pay attention. The Prof. jokes a lot and guides students to arrive at the correct answers; he provides extra useful tips occasionally.The topic are relatively easy to me, as I have studied accounting before. It mainly involve basic accounting knowledge. However, if you have not studied accounting before, you do need to spend sometime to grab the basics as the basics of accounting is the most important.His teaching speed is relatively slower than other professors from what I know of, so I think if you have no accounting background whatsoever, it is quite a smart choice to swap class so you can understand better. His notes, however, are from the publishers, so it is not as detailed as other professors. Also due to his speed, the final exam covered less topics compare to other class.Basic accounting, will be very advantageous if you have studied BAFS in DSE since most of the things are the same.Kelvin teaches slowly and clearly. Got some in-class exercises to consolidate the concepts so it is pretty easy to pick up. He is also very passionate in teaching and tries to make jokes from time to time.Most contents are covered in HKDES, if you studied BAFS in secondary school, it should be quite easy to understand. Yet, students may need to pay more attention on some topics which have difference with those in DSE, since the approach is quite different. For students with no accounting background, may need more time to understand the principles behind.Not good at all, but not too bad. Required students to learn through self-practice.He teaches with clear powerpoint slides and also use some sample questions in textbook to illustrate how to tackle the problems (though the samples are the easiest ones from the book).He explains pretty clear. His pace at first was quite slow, but when midterm or final approached, he started to teach very fast. Besides, he has special intonations on some words, making the lesson a bit more interesting.He teaches with clear powerpoint slides and also use sample questions in textbook to illustrate how to tackle the problems.He explains well clear, though the pace is a  bit fast, and also teaches by using real life examples which is easy to understand.Mid-term: 1 mark higher than mean (SD is 7)
Final: unknown
Ended up BThere is one mid-term, a homework assignment about accounting ethics (which is very tough and I don't know the grades) and one final.

One more thing is that the teaching assistants were working with super low efficiency that they spent four to five weeks to mark the mid-term.The content is simple
The notes are clear.
Easy course, especially to those studied BAFS accounting in dse.
Many content learnt before. e.g. income statement, balance sheet, GAAPLessons are a bit boring.
But the notes are useful and example used in class can explain concepts well
Professor willing to answer questions
Must print notes, no electronic devicesjust fundamental knowledge of accountingClear and lively. The professor would remember most of the students.Those who studied Accounting before, that is probably half of the class, would have a great advantage. The mean was really high.

I got 88/100 in the Midterm and 94/100 in the final exam
But I screwed up two of the three quiz so I got a B+.No assignments
There are 5 to 6 in-class group exercises and 3 quiz.
But students are strongly advised to do some exercises in the textbook. The professor had a list of suggested question.1.very detailed and clear
2.Actually you can just read the lecture notes to do the review
3.clear explanation of the key concepts1.normal talking speed
2.normal accent
3.very patient and passionate
4.always looking forward to receiving your questions1.I get 2 full marks of 3 short mid-terms and 100 of 115 in the final but i only get A-
2.300 points in total:120 mid-terms   115 final the rest is the in-class works and two projects1. I have to say because of 3 mid-terms, you can't have a rest till the end
2.Basically if you finish your mid-terms, your final is around the corner!The class contains nearly every aspect in financial accounting expect several complicated issues which will be covered in the Intermediate Accounting. Among the four financial statements, three of them will be covered in exams and the remainder, the Statement of Shareholders' Equity will be reference only.Generally, Prof Shieh's lecture is very clear and easy to comprehend with lot's of interesting stories about accounting and business. One of my favourites is the Arthur Anderson fraud, which he mentioned a lot. Besides, he is really a nice person whom you can chat with during the office hour and ask any academic stuff. But, it seemed like Prof. Shieh assumed that everyone in the class was already familiar with accounting so at the beginning a lot of guys like me who hadn't learnt accounting before got totally puzzled.This course teaches a lot of useful information. There are two midterms, one final exam, one assignment per lesson, and the professor does not count participation. Cheatsheats allowed for the two midterm exams. Graphing calculators allowed for all three exams.No CommentThe content of the class was solid, we covered the Cash Flow, Statement of Shareholder's Equity, and in-depth into the Income Statement and Balance Sheet. I thought that the course covered the accounting concepts well, and I learned more than I thought I would in that class.Tony is a great teacher. He cares about teaching the material to his students, and I think that it shows. He does a good job using examples to try to help make a boring (sorry!) subject more interesting, and makes it pretty easy to understand. One thing that he could work on is his slides - most of the time the numbers are off, which makes it hard to study again after the class or if you miss it.Basics of financial accounting.Makes the class interesting by incorporating a lot of practical examples. Plus he's got a sense of humor and is very open to questions. I'd definitely recommend him.Basics of financial accounting. Simple calculations. Need to be quick in exams. Most local students have already done this syllabus in High School though so if you don't have any background in accounting, work hard to stay at par with the rest of the class.Brilliant! A very fun Prof with an amazing sense of humour. Knows what he is teaching and keeps everyone interested and on their toes.This is the required course for all business student, regardless whether they've studied it before or not. But basically this is the easiest part of accounting, so the content is comprehensive to all the students, there will be only some simple calculations.Undoubtedly she is the greatest professor ever, her classes are interesting. She will always stay in the corridor after class, and leave until all students' questions about accounting are solved.The content is not too hard. I did not take accounting in high school, and still did fine for this courseHe is quite nice, and often uses real life situations to show some situations, and is able to make the class really interestingGrades are okay, but the final exam is really hard compared to other professors. However, the midterm exams are quite easy with the mean being close to 90%.Not much to do, other than studying for midterm and final exam. He does not have any homework for us to turn inThe content is not too hard, though compared with students with accounting background, those who didn't might feel left behind.The prof was quite nice, and likes to use stories to illustrate some situations. However, personally I don't really like that he always have group discussions and glassworks. But overall he is a good prof.Just mid term and final. PPTs' content is generally fine.The instructor really cares about us and he is patient in getting us to understand the right concepts. Although sometimes he will talk about finance-related stuff which is not relevant to the course syllabus, we knew that the extra knowledge being taught is for our own good.Basic accounting concept,Mostly those covered in DSE BAFs, still some new concept, people who has studied BAFs is easier to catch up with the content.Nice , useful powerpoint and in-class homeworknot very bad, but people who study BAFs in secondary school average get B grade or above.every lesson has in-class homework
attendance is counted in grades
2 assignments
3 quizzes in a term, first 2 quizzes are quite easy, the third one is relatively more difficult.
Final is quite difficult so better work harder in quizzes.Learning BAFS will bring in an big advantage. It is easy for people who studied BAFS in DSE Level. A little bit different from DSE in the financial statements' presentation and use of T-account.His English is quite difficult to understand. Boring lessons but have some in-class exercise to do.different from DSE Level, need to pay attention to financial statements' presentation and Use of T-account.
Learning BAFS will bring in an advantage in terms of first 6 chapters.detail and patient prof. but sometimes waste too much time on discussing pointless question.
Concept oriented with ample examples in ppt.My first time taking any business-related course and I really enjoyed it. Although the contents were more based on book-keeping materials, they were still interesting enough to keep me motivated.He was willing to take in students' comments and actually apply them to his teaching method. He was very nice, answered all sorts of questions clearly and he seemed to have lots of experience in his field.I don't know why so many financial things involved but still very interesting.
and he always told us that we need to connect what we learn in class to the real world.good but sometimes is not very clear. and always skip a lot of PPT due to short of timeThe content is a little bit easy and many things are related to BAFS in high school. But sometimes he will teach something related to real life, which is practical but a little bit difficult.Funny and cute:D Use cantonese to talk with local students but English throughout the class. Always answer student's question.PowerPoint slides are very clear. It's a little bit wordy but it covers everything that may show up in the exam.Prof Shiel is very enthusiastic and he's very nice. He's always willing to help and you can always make appointments with him to ask questions.My class mean was quite high, but I would say that he is quite lenient on grading.
He values your effort a lot. And class participation counts. Trying to leave an impression would help a lot.5 in class group activities and 4 quizzes. There are suggested homework questions but he never checks it. It's better to do them to perform well in the exams tho.I would describe this as an extension of the financial accounting in the BAFS syllabus, those with accounting background will have an edge over those without in general.
However, even though some basic principles like double entry is the same, the format of various financial statements will be quite different from the DSE format.
The exercises he provided is from the book, and the answer key will also be provided, so I find the textbook quite redundant and expensive... But it will be useful if you know nothing about accounting or you cannot understand a word during his lessons.  
My advice is if you learnt them in the past, you may skip some lectures, but if you haven't, you better attend the lecture and try hard to understand his teaching.Fair.
Please do not expect too much from his teaching, he has his special accent that makes his teaching quite hard to understand sometimes...
So if you have taken BAFS in the past, you will have less to worry about.The content is relatively comprehensive. There is almost nothing in the book that isn't extensively covered in class. Whatever is taught is generally on the examinations too.Dr. Chen is pretty monotone but she's thorough. She'll go through whatever is necessary and omit things that are not relevant to examinations. She'll give "good to knows" and will explicitly point out exactly what you need to know. So pay attention to those. If you follow carefully, you'll have no problems with the mid terms plus exams.

She likes participation, so participate as much as possible.if u have studied accounting, you will probably know most of the content.
he taught relatively less chapters.Fair.
Always like to share some financial news in the class.
always welcome you to ask him questions.the mean of mid term is high, around 8x
final exam is comparatively difficult
as most of the people score quite high, you need to get higher mark as well to get good grade.no assignments
no heavy workload
you just need to do in class exercises
exam syllabus is not demandingBasic accounting, learned from high school. debt and cre i am writing this to make the words length be long enough.....Good!!!!! Interesting and well-prepared. He is quite charming , English is fluent and easy to understand , he is a mainland  or a Taiwanese?Bad! even all exams are above mean and near full mark ,still got b+, i really dont know hotw to get an anot much, just need to finish some questions in the book and read all the lecture notes which is around 40 pages per chapterFor anyone who's done accounting in high school, it should be fairly easy but it does get difficult at points. I found it really tough because I had no previous accounting knowledge. Content is tough in general so would recommend working hard from the beginning for a good grade.He's apparently the best professor for Accounting but I did not see that. I mostly studied it myself even though I went for every lecture. He started off slowly but went really quick in the final chapters.Most of the contents are based on DSE level, just a little bit in advanced level. It is easy for one who takes BAFS in high school. It definitely has an advantage for them.Generally, her teaching is boring and make us easily feel sleepy. So I have skipped many lessons.Heavy content, but very practical. Knowledge learnt can be applied in the Accounting industry and is perfect for beginners.Very good teacher, explained everything in detail. Cared a lot about the class' progress. He is one of very few classes that I atteneded regularly. He made sure that the class was fun and interactive.It is a bit different from secondary schools. Students who have studied accounting before may encounter some difficulties since the teaching content is not the same, the standard required either. However, for those who have not learnt accounting before would see the course some kind of hard at the early stage but handy afterwards if you pay full attention to classes or finish the practices.Normally, Tony just follow the flow of the PowerPoint. But, you can raise questions at any time and Tony will be very happy to explain further until you understand.the content is useful and practical, but it seems there is no universal format, and different professor teaches different thingsThe professor is very kind and humor, however not well spoken English. The teaching style was quite lazzie faire,good grading, I only got above mean in the midterm, and 1 SD above in the final, and I got an A. Final seemed to be much more important compared to midterm, more difficult as well.little homework and practice was required, however if you want to perform well in the exam, you have to read the textbook and do more exercises yourself.about basic accounting
Mid term x2 both 15%
Homework 25%
participation (answer questions) 5%
the rest is final
no attendance requirementthe teaching part is acceptable
she always answers questions even the silly and stupid ones
no email questions you can just ask them on discussion board on canvasThere is quite a few content and you should be aware of where in the syllabus you are. A lot of the students in the classes have taken Accounting before in their previous schools but if you did, you may need to forget some of your old habits of answering questions as they may be different from what the professor expects. You don't really have an advantage for having studied accounting before as the professor will cover all the necessary information for those who hadn't. In general, listen in class, attend classes, review and you should be fine.Professor is very nice in general. If you sit in front of the class he will at least recognise you, but that doesn't guarantee anything. He likes to bring other materials, sometimes have nothing to do with the syllabus, to class and it should be always interesting. His ppt is very useful but so is his lectures.Basic accounting (balance sheet, income statement, cash flow, etc)
People who studied acct in bafs may find it easy.I like the way he doesn't take attendance but you have to catch up. He is willing to answer student's question.Class activities and participation 10%
Case about ethics in accounting 15%
Mid-term exam  25%
Final exam 50%

The case analysis is basically about ethics, not really related to acct concept.There is just one writing task and midterm+final so I would say its fair enough.
There are in class exercises but he will check answers later in class.This course contains basic knowledge of accounting. It is slightly different from BAFS of HKDSE as it is US Accounting.To be honest, you can skip all the lesson as the knowledge are really easy lol.I got a A grade during the course.  Professor Chen grading is different from other professor, our final mean is 45% while the other accounting lectures final mean is around 80%-90%.  Also the final is very complicated as we have to read a lot of T-account and finish the whole final exam.Professor Chen workload is VERY HEAVY compared to other lecturers.  Some professors only have one midterm exam and one final during the whole semester.  Maybe you may consider that the grading can be spread through the whole semester but the workload are VERY HEAVY.Useful course for beginners. The content might be difficult for students who have not learned accounting before.Prof. Chen's teaching is quite good. She explains everything clearly and briefly. She always answers the questions raised by students in class. It's easy to understand the content.the first few chapters are the most difficult to catch up as over half of the class have studied BAFS before. so if you are not one of them, you better go through the textbook once after lessons.she requires participation, and will record down for bonus points(which i think it's very important for A range)

she always gives examples that are not include in the notes so you have to be focused in order to understand what is she talking about.The fundamental knowledge of financial accounting, such as journal entry, T-accounts and financial statements.

Accounting standard used: International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Students who had studied accounting before (such as BAFS - Accounting elective in HKDSE) can pick it up easier.Prof Li tried to link the content of this course with the real life events as example, which maintains the interest of students. He balanced the contents and the students' workload.teaching material not very good       
annoying sometimes
maybe another professors notes will help but not notes from only one professorveri good instructor
answer questions patiently
but not really clear explaining
read notes by yourself would be better
self learning is really recommendedThe course is rather on fundamental accounting, like double entry, journal, financial statements etc.  Those who have studied BAFS Accounting before can pick up more easily.Tony is a comparatively good professor. His english is better than other acct professors (from what my friends and I have discovered) because of this many foreign students will take his course. But this brings another disadvantage : the foreign students will pull up the mean and SD because they have already learnt the materials taught in this course before. And although his English is good, his lessons grew boring afterwards.Li always talk about something not related to the course but he may teach you some skill on investing share as he used to teach based on the sources in financial time.quite good, he is willing to listen to others question and answer each question patiently. Willing to modify his teaching method.emphasizes he will give as many A,B as he can,hahano assignmentttttt and will not take attendenceeeee so what you need to do is go home and download all the powerpoint and read it yourself.It is a rather elementary course is about fundamental knowledge of accounting: double entry, journal, financial statements etc. For those who have studied BAFS in DSE should have a bit advantage over the others, but it is suggested to attend classes or practice on the given questions in textbook as some contents covered in DSE were said to be insufficient.Professor was nice and willing to answer questions.Based on the basics of accounting, learning based on profit and loss, transactions, balance sheets etc.
Learning how to construct these.THe instructor has a pretty monotonous voice, but otherwise, he is quite interesting to listen to (if you are able to stay focused and awake).
He is very knowledgable and helpful when it comes to accounting in the real world. He's also very passionate about it so he tends to go off topic quite a lot.The professor covered the first 11 chapters in the textbook except chapter 4.
She gave adequate examples to illustrate the concepts and raised tricky questions for us to think. She will cover what she has mentioned as well as sample paper in the exam.Logic teaching and many examples.

She is always willing to answer questions and make appointment with students.

very helpful and friendlyAn overview of the fundamentals of financial accounting. Content is clear and concise (but probably too little?) and can be easily understood by anyone with/without accounting background. Great for beginners.The professor can teach very clearly although it is not to say that he's a fun guy (lol, he can be pretty boring but I guess that doesn't really matter, as long as he can make the students understand the materials). He asks quite a number of questions and also interacts with students, so he's quite engaging.An overview of the fundamental concepts of accounting for any school students, which is very useful. In-class contents are a little bit difficult to understand, however, you can study the textbook contents instead,For those students without accounting background, it would be very difficult to catch up with the slides and teaching. Then you need to ask Prof questions and study hard after lecture.In-class contents are difficult to understand, yet it is interesting to study the textbook contents instead.
The textbook for this course provides an overview of the fundamental concepts of accounting. Topics are new and useful to business students.Prof might overlook the needs of the students without accounting background.
Students without accounting background may find it difficult to catch up with Prof. Chen's slides and teaching. Prof will answer students' question frequently in class or on canvas. Yet, most of the questions are raised by students with accounting background and students like us do not understand them at all, which may affect the learning progress and atmosphere.Basic things in accounting that you have to know. Contents are simple and straight-forwardShe taught pretty well, but you need to self-study some of the topics to catch up in class if this is your first time studying accounting.If you studied and prepared well before the exams and achieve above mean scores, you will pretty easily get B or B+ since professor usually gives out full marks for homework. Cheat sheet can be a great help during exams but don't cram too many things in there because you might spend all your time during exam looking for the stuff you have written.Not much work given out. All you need to do is finish 6 homework with your group.
Midterm exams were not that tough. The professor tells you what kind of questions she will ask before the exams and goes through questions that your having difficulties with. She also allows students to bring in a double-sided cheat sheet with them and it could be a great help.
Final exam was a bit tough, and there aren't much time to look through 3 double-sided cheat sheets so better prepare well beforehand.Basic stuff only. It gives you an idea of financial statement and brief analysis. You will be asked to basically assess which transaction is within which account category. The only thing you should do in this course is to attend the lecture and understand the construction of each statement.Tony is a great teacher. He gave us a complete "starter" pack such as real-world challenges, implications on such system, and numerous practices. He himself is resourceful and beyond approachable.The classes covered basic accounting concepts and financial statements. For those who had high school accounting background could easily understand the lecture without attending it. Still, attending the lesson is advisable since there will be class activities during lesson.Kelvin's teaching was good! His classes was fun and well-taught. 15 minutes or so are given at the end of every two lessons for group exercises and in-class work, Kelvin would join our group discussion for better learning results which was great as a local students.The content of Acct 2010 is quite easy. it is only about the basic accounting and if you have the background of accounting, you can skip all the classes and still understand what's going on.Tony's teaching is quite good. However, he remembers the name of students. If you skip the class, he will know.Content it super straightforward ACCT stuff. If you speak english and know elementary math, you should be able to understand the concepts. A bit tedious though.Kelvin says he doesn't try to trick his students, but that's not true. Although he will test you on the information taught in class (and not anything unrecognizable), he occasionally words questions in a way which makes it unclear, or blatantly tries to trip students up. For example, on the final there was a question on the 4th page of the exam, which referred to information the 1st page of the exam, but he worded the question in a way that kind of concealed that fact. Overall though he's a great teacher. Nice and flexible.Clear content, cleat lecture notes .
most of it are from secondary school bafs, i believe hard working can still get a good grade as the content is quite easy for sbm studentspeaks very well and explains concepts  precisely, making them pretty easy to understand. , attractive, question and answer forum provided, open to receiving questions from everyone at any point in class and also after class.it is all about secondary school bafs, it will be a big benefit if you have studied before, but if you are hard working, you can still get a good grade as the content is quite easyKevin teaching is quite difficult to understand despite the syllabus is simple, but he will still try to make some jokes during lessonsFinancial accounting was relatively easy. I did not take accounting in my highschool, so I did not have any knowledge before. However, the content was really simple and easy to understand.He is  a really good teacher. Explains everything really well. Makes the class really personal and answers any questions you may have. No electronic equipments allowed. So will need to bring a hard copy of the content to every class.Examination content is indeed very similar to those in the book. So practicing the exercises of the accounting book are more than enough to deal with the examsLi Xi generally gives great teaching. The teaching speed is relative low comparing to other instructors, so it is definitely good for accounting newbie. His notes encompass various out-sy but interesting financial accounting concepts and financial news. If you are interested in financial market, his notes might suit your appetite.Excellent but a bit boring

Have to Raise Hand ask more question
to get more participation marks or not it will be so hard to get a better Grade Easily  !Effective  
Teach AMERICIAN ACCOUNTING
Explanation is detailed but u need to raise ur hand moreThe content taught in this course is the fundamentals required, i.e. the four statements in accounting, as well as how to draw and analyze the statements. They are not very hard if you follow the lecture notes and ppt. However, it would be a definite advantage to those who studies BAFS in high school.Prof Chen is quite good. Providing clear explanation through ppts and exercises, she can let students understand concepts clearly. She asks students to ask questions frequently, so they can get participation marks and understand what is taught in the lesson. She also tells some jokes and real life examples in the lecture to create a good learning atmosphere.Professor emphasizes combining both knowledge on class and real life examples. Thus he usually spends some time to explain on one or two related issues in every class. Generally speaking, the content would be okay for students who have taken bafs before in dse, only point to mention is that part of the entries are different from bafs, since this class uses American style accounting. However, non-bafs students might find it necessary to pay much effort to catch up.Professor Xi has a generally slower teaching pace than other classes, since he spends comparatively larger portion of time explaining real life examples. His lessons are usually in good pace, and students are generally attentive. Only few of the classes might be boring, but students still take initiative to ask questions.Both Professor Xi and the TA are very willing to answer questions on the discussion board of CANVAS.Do not choose this instructor if you cannot stand a boring lesson. His tone is extremely flat. He will teach the hard knowledge by talking the powerpoint most of the time. He would teach for a hour first , then give you some time to finish the class works. These class works are also used to mark your attendance. He would let you form your own group and choose a good classmate can surely benefit your study in ACCT.His teaching is quite fast. He would read out the powerpoint and may be read out the example in the powerpoint then. His teaching is fully based on the powerpoint, But as he said, Acct is all about exercise. His teaching is not as matter as your self studying and exercising.don't take  Li Xi's lecture. Because it requires you to do project and during lecture, most of the content is related to finance and not really about how you deal with acct. But if you are really interested in how to apply acct and fina knowledge and do some case studies, it would be good to take his course.His english is quite good. He merely uses powerpoint slides to teach and most of the time he can make his points clear.Principles of Financial accounting, and mainly financial statements.
His powerpoint notes are basically summarized from the textbooks.
All the practice questions are from the textbooks.Goes over powerpoint with notes every single classes.
Not particularly boring during the class, but you might get tired eventually.
He likes when you participate in his class, so make him remember your name.Notes are easy to understand and main points from textbook are covered in the notes.Teaching and notes are clear and easy to follow.
Quick and detailed responds are given in Discussion on Canvas.Cheat sheets are allowed in both mid-terms and final.
Participation is the bonus mark. Asking and answering questions are easy.
But, final is quite difficult compared to other classes.
I got higher marks in the 2 mid-term(nearly full mark) and full mark in all the HWs. But I didn't  do well in final. Still got B+.6 HW in total, all are group projects
2 mid-term exams. Don't worry they are easy. Hints are given and questions are similar to those in textbook(exactly the same questions but changing the numbers). So you just need to do more textbook exercises in order to get higher marks.seems not so hard comparing to others, design and the arrangement of the notes is perfecteasy to understand the concepts behind,design and the arrangement of the notes is perfectthe quiz and final are easy,so you have to attain a very high score in order to get a A/B rangeNot much in HW. but there are 3 quizes each semester replacing the midterm, no worries, those quizes are easy and just like those in the textbook exercises, so just finish the exercises/practice from the professor and u can get good marksBasic accounting principle,since the definition of terms is not examined,understanding on the topic is more important.Mainly discuss how we record the journal entries for different transaction, and how we present them on financial statement.The content of the course is quite simple.The teaching style is quite relax, the teacher would ask question to students, and encourage students to ask question. His teaching is clear and will let you know which part is not required or not important. It is easy to follow the lecture with different examples in lecture notes. Attendance of class is very important since every in-class exercise carries points for final grade.mainly based on ppt he created.

many topics in textbook are not covered during lecture.

it gets harder as chapter goes on.lecture + class exercises.

class exercises help a lotthe ppt was not simple enough and quite hard to understand
His coverage is also more and harder than other professors, so if you are really interested in accountings His course will be good for you.
No attendance is taken but he does remember people's name, even if you never speak. He will ask for your reason of absence. Also due to the numerous quizzes and assignments in class, you can hardly skip lesson. So don't try skipping his classes.he taught really fast and was hard for me to keep up
You might want to do some preparation and studying before taking his classes
However he is very friendly and will be very happy to answer your questions anyways.Intro
Balance Sheet
Income Statement
Adjustment and Closing Entry
Revenue Recognition
Inventory
LT assets
Liabilities and time value
Bonds
Owners Equity
Statement of Cash Flows

covered quite a lot of topics compared to some other sessionsThe teaching pace was a bit fast but one should be able to follow if u pay attention. The prof. would tryto cover as many topics as possible and expect you to go through the details on textbook by yourself.

PPT slides are well organized and concise. Taught according to ppt, and would quote textbook examples or her own examples for demonstration in class.

Asking questions in class is strongly encouraged, and the prof would also answer students' questions on canvas discussion boardProfessor was teaching according to the PowerPoint slide with details, seldom talked about anything out of scope, while sometimes used some daily example to show us how things work. There's around 10 chapters in total and are almost similar to what the textbook is providing. This course is a fundamental course for accounting, therefore it might be beneficial for someone who has studied account previously in high school. There are some financial content as well, but they are quite easy to be understood.Professor Chen never talked too fast or too slow, he used most of the lecture time to talk about the content of the slides while sometimes he would do some examples to show us the methodology behind. He would answer questions from students, rather it is face to face or via email. You can even find him at his office on the given office hour, he would still kindly answer you inquiries even it's not his office hour though. He knew that some of us might not have been studying accounting before, he described every little point with detail. I'm sure that even you haven't studied accounting before, you will have no problem in understanding most of the course.Basic Accounting knowledge which stress on the accounting mechanism.

Similar to HKDSE BAFS, with some minor differences, mainly becuase they are following two different accounting standard.Prof. Shieh has taught this course for a long time (both in UST, cityu), so he understands what students are struggling about most of the time.

Concepts are illustrarted by different examples in the boon, which are useful, especially for those who do not know accounting at all.

Good presentation with cute voice, feel that he teaches with and by heart. If you attend all the lectures, most probably you will understand the basic techniques.

Prof. Shieh has been to HK from Taiwan for more than twenty years, he speaks English, Cantonese and Putonghua in a extremely fluent way (he knows what you are talking in Cantonese, don't try to say anything bad). No difficulties In understanding his words. You may speak in one of the three languages mentioned after class, in case of any questions.

Anyway, heard from friends that their prof are some how difficult to understand, if you don't think you are smart enough to understand things easily, enroll in his class. :)Simple account...even without any account ratios...The concept is easy but it's not really the same with HKDSE syllabus...I think Tony taught a bit fast...you may need to review the content in leisure time if you want to fully understand...the time on the lesson is hard for you to understand the concept clearly.
However, Tony explains and teaches very clearly and you just need time but it's generally easy to understand.
Some schoolmates reflect that other prof. can hardly explain that clearly and it's hard for them to understand...I'm not sure.Content of this course provides the basic understanding of accounting. It is also easy for the beginners to understand. However, it gets slightly difficult towards the end when the chapters get related to each other.Professor Tony is great, he has humor ad great English as well. However, his teaching is very unique among the other ACCT2010 professors, so it is little difficult to compare our work with others.Mainly about the preparation of financial statements. The topics overlaps most the DSE content, except the statement of cash flow.

Having studied in BAFS in high school is an advance, but be careful that the format of the financial statements may not be exactly the same.Monotone, but very clear pronunciation, at least better than many Mainland professors. If you pay attention in class, you will have no difficulty on understanding what he said.Content in the course is appropriate for an introduction to accounting, but, be advised, that if you do not have an accounting background, you will find it a little tough in the first few lectures of the semester. Basic concepts include journal entries, depreciation, balance sheet, income statement, statement of cash flow, dividends, bonds, etc.Mostly PowerPoint based - helps if you do the readings of the PPT before class begins. Aside from that, heavy reliance on the cases from GOME / Apple, to consolidate all the knowledge obtained from the classes, and apply them tor all financial statements.The syllasbus of the courese have almost been covered by dse level in bafs. So students who studied bafs would have advantages. But i think this course is quite straight forward and easy to understand for those who do not take bafs. But still so effort should be put in doing exercises.
The mean and sd of mini exam exam is quite high （3X out of 40）
His lessons were not too boring, sometimes he might make some jokes. But his pronounciation is not very good but it is easy to catch up what he is saying.
Not too much workload. Only two cases consist of quite few questions. And the question are quite easy to answer.No CommentThe syllasbus of the courese have almost been covered by dse level in bafs. So students who studied bafs would have advantages. But i think this course is quite straight forward and easy to understand for those who do not take bafs. But still so effort should be put in doing exercises.His lessons were not too boring, sometimes he might make some jokes. But his pronounciation is not very good but it is easy to catch up what he is saying.Very detailed content, each of the chapters covered in class is very informative. Class presentations for each chapter are uploaded on Canvas, as well as in-class exercises taken from the textbook. A very comprehensive and thorough introduction to financial accounting, and a useful course for beginners.Teaching is relatively good, however for students without previous accounting background, it's quite tough in the beginning because the content is covered quite quickly. However, the teacher is patient with answering questions about the course material. There are also plenty of opportunities for you to ask questions, and gain participation cards.not too difficult
easy to catch up even without account background
it will be easy for those who have accounting backgroundhis english is easy to understand
concepts are well explained
willing to answer students' questiongood grading
above one SD for quizzes and final and get an A for this courseworkload are acceptable
no mid term but four quizzes and final (non-cumulative for each quizzes)
you can bring one a4 size cheat-sheet(with words only written on one page) on every quizzes and examACCT 2010 is definitely where you want to get your basics for accounting, and Tony Shieh is definitely a good lecturer to get your basics right. We looked at financial statements and learned what some terms meant, what the numbers indicated, etc etc. Definitely a good course to get you introduced to the applications of financial accounting--one that every basic financial statement user (external) needs.Tony Shieh definitely knows his stuff. He's currently the Academic Director of MSc in Accounting here at UST, and teaches in great detail. He's very open to questions and very approachable in and outside class. If you don't understand something, he'd gladly go over the material again as per request.Very good. Not covering all content in the textbook, though. No homework. Only group work which is in class exercise.Very patient and elaborative. Use online forum to answer all questions. Sometimes might be a bit difficult to follow because of the instructor's accent and low tone when speaking.A lot of finance knowledge accompanied with basic accounting. Quite demanding for me but certainly worth studying.The professor is used to explain theories with real business cases, which in my point of view, makes the classes more vivid. More than that, we are required to present a company analysis in the end of the course in teams, which adds real practice and team corporation into the lesson.If you have studied BAFS in high school, then you would have no problem understanding the concepts and contents covered in this course. It starts from the basics (dr and cr) etc.Prof. Shieh is super friendly and are very willing to answer any questions raised. Also, he explained concepts and principles very clearly. He would ask each group to stand in front of the whiteboard to take a photo with your name on top, so he could remember most of our names.The ppts written by Prof Chen are very clear and easy to understand, which truly facilitate revision.Professor Chen is very friendly and is always willing to answer students' questions. She is also very passionate about teaching, always attempting to engage students and helping weaker students in answering her questions (everyone in her class has to answer 5 questions raised by the prof throughout the semester for class participation).Basic accounting concept, appropriate for those who have not learned anything about accounting stuffs.

It basically teaches you about how to make financial statements (balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cashflows) using various types of standards (GAAP and IFRS). It also teaches you about how to write an entry journal and trial balance.

Also explains about each component of the financial statements, but not in a detailed one.Perfect teaching! Really love how he teaches.

Good knowledge, lenient teachers, he builds the spirit in the class. He uses ppt and basically refers to the ppt, but he always adds some of his experiences, or explains more about the ppt. Ppt is very readible.

Professor is also open to questions and discussions in class.The content are mostly basic accounting such as adjustments and journal entry. Most of the material are already thought in highschool, except for the late chapters.Prof tony is really funy and d dicated. You could always make an apointment with him to dicuss the materials regarding with the course. He also pays attention toward the studentsThe course is mainly about the basic knowledge of Accounting.
Maybe the content will be similar with the things you learn in secondary school accounting lessons. I think the class exercise, group work are really helpful to deepen your understanding.Peter chen is a funny instructor with his stylish English. As he comes from the mainland, his English is not quite accurate and the accent is different from Hong Kong too. Therefore, you may find difficult to understand what he say.Its useful and you will understand the basic theories behind those complicated annual reports.

Students who have studied BAFS will have some advantage - the theories are the same but the methods of how to deal with the problems are a bit different so its recommended for those who studied before should attend lectures as well.Prof. You is a mainland prof and he was graduated from a US school so no problem for students to understand his lecture. Also, he taught very clearly so that you can easy to understand - the best thing is - he will tell you the difficult part in advance so that you can have a look before his lecture. Moreover, after his lecture, he would say' oh this part is very important in the acct system' and you will know that that part must be tested.Content is very standard and basic stuff. Journal entries, balance sheets, income statements, statement of cash flows, and statement of stockholders' equity. Just be aware of not balancing everything because of a small mistake...Peter has very solid knowledge of accounting, but he has an accent, and talks EXTREMELY SLOW. Accounting is very boring stuff, so it can get very sleepy during lectures.The content of this course is about the foundation of Accounting. Indeed it favours the ones who have studied BAFS/ Accounting in the past, it is quite easy to master for those who have no Accounting knowledge.Professor Chen taught well and the teaching materials he has prepared are easy to understand. He would demonstrate some questions in the class which makes us know better about the topics.Introduction to the concepts and principles of financial accounting, including the analysis, recording, and reporting of business transactions and preparation of financial statements like opening T-account, balance sheet and income statement.He teaches easy things with clear explanations. He also teaches about the real business situation.Teaching Fundamental accounting concept. Basically DSE BAFS Syllabus, plus some concepts of bonds, statement of cash flow.Speak Fluent English.With Clear powerpoints with some examples. But few detail of accounting concept. Students without accounting background may feel hardly to follow.Teaching about fundamental concepts of basic accounting.
E.g. balance sheet, Equity, Bonds.....The lesson is a bit boring but the concepts is welly explained.
For peter's lesson, he will teach about the concepts in the first half of the lesson and then he will finish the in-class exercise together with the class in the second half of the lesson.Actually it's easy if you have studied accounting before. It is just a brief introduction on accounting and starts from zero. However, it is taught in american style accounting system so some may find it in a mess.Although it's hard to listen clearly from his accent, he's still a good teacher who teaches step by step with clear and useful PowerPoint notes.Not very difficult as long as you have taken BAFS accounting as your elective in secondary school.Fair.  Not very clear sometimes but she will make sure all of us understand the contents.  She will always ask us whether the class is going to fast and make the corresponding adjustment.The content is quite good, some examples shown in the ppt,  with some step-to-step teaching. If you have study accounting before, the ppt is adequate for you to study, but the one who never study BAFs, I recommend you to buy a textbook to do more exercise, which is quite good for your study. However it is quite often of having some typo in the ppt and class review problem, so be careful for this.The professor's teaching is quite boring, and the ppt used is with black background and white word, it is quite difficult to see and not printer-friendly. I have played truant several times, I think it is okay for you not to attend if you know enough about content.Comparing to all other professors, Dr. Chen put a lot more emphasis on theory understanding rather than the high school type of memorizing formats of statements. A lot more effort in revising is required than other sections.Use an approach which hopes you to understand the theory behind every concept. Spends a lot of time after class and in-class to cope with students' problems. Tries a lot to engage students into the class.It may be quite difficult for beginners without any accounting background to pickup at first. There are many specific terms related to accounting that must be first understood. After you understand the basics, the rest is pretty easy to follow.One of the worst professors I had this semester. I'm not one to skip classes (usually) but I really did not want to attend this professors lessons. It was difficult to understand her, and she does go through things too quickly. I would sit through the whole lesson and listening to what she was trying to teach but still end up not understanding a single thing. Then she expects us to do in-class exercises to show her what we have learnt but how can I show what I have learnt when I learnt nothing at all?

She will answer any questions you ask on LMES discussion board pretty quickly though.For S B & M students, and programs that designate the course as a required/specified elective course. This is the first course of the principles of accounting sequence. Introduction to the concepts and principles of financial accounting, including the analysis, recording, and reporting of business transactions and preparation of financial statements.clear presentation, many examples, not bad

have a review lesson before every midterm / final examBasic accounting concepts which mainly cover concepts in HKDSE BAFS (accounting module). If you have studied BAFS before, you can certainly get a good grade in this courseQuite good, professor provided a lot of exercises which you can learn a lot of things. Mid term exam and final also cover these exercises as one of the questions,comparing to ACCT2010, this course is more fun, less calculation and more concept thingy.Allen is really a good professor in terms of his teaching and his look :) (i'm sorry girls he is already married). Interesting examples during class and many fitness tips ;pI will say there's some advantages that exist for those who have prior accounting knowledge as this course is really at the introductory level. Remarkably however, this course adopts a slightly different approach than the usual IFRS. The course used GAAP so it may take some time for one to adapt to GAAP.Peter's English was not that fluent. Occasionally, he may swap to Chinese for better expression. Notwithstanding, you may refer to the PPT that he made for reference. Those PPTs were quite useful.The content is rather straight-forward. It is a pre-reg course for year 1 business students. You don't have to worry about not having studied BAFS before as the professor will explain the concepts at a slow pace.the slides cover only a small part of the textbook materials. Better read the textbook before proceeding to the lectures.This is a fina course. Professor always talks aboutI like his teaching style. oreover,Mid term is 45%
Final is 55%
4 bonus points are given to students who do news sharing or solve problems in class
I got 90/100 in mt, 94.5/100 in final and no bonus points. I got an A.
In the first lesson, he said he would give as many As as possible, and he kept his promise.Zero workload. No assignments, no projects.
Zero workload. No assignments, no projects.
Zero workload. No assignments, no projects.
Zero workload. No assignments, no projects.Content is good.Teaching is okay.Grades are niceThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsf
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfvv
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfvThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfThe workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfv
The workload was not that much we got couple of homeworks and that stuff lele eklnsdfsfjust basic accounting introduction, pretty much including every aspect of accounting from balance sheet to shock, bonds etc.she is very nice and responsible, and make things very clear. if you post some question on canvas, she will answer them in a very short time.it is fair but not really great. i think most people got a .has three quiz so it is a little bit bough, but the quiz is simple.if you listen carefully and do the quiz with patience,since there is some very detailed thing she test you.It would be quite challenging for students haven't studied accounting before. (One chapter for two lectures)
Mid terms are quite easy but final is difficult.A nice teacher. She is willing to explain once again if you don't understand. You can ask her during the lecture/after the class/on canvas.Useful for our future career because you can know a lot about how to read the financial reports.Li Xi is a good professor and he will not give you too much stress.Not yet know, but Li Xi said he has given the biggest A range among all ACCT2010 coursesLi Xi will teach a lot of extra-curricular knowledge so if you want to learn all of them you should pay a lot of effort on it. And will only teach you basic knowledge so if you want to get good grade at last you should try to do more exercises after class.Simple to understand with clear explanations of powerpoint.Willing to answer students' questions after class. He is funny with adequate jokes to keep the atmosphere of the classSeems good in general with high percentage of students getting good grades.1 group project, 1 mid term and final exam respectively, 5 group exercise and 3 quizzes. No too much workload. It is quite flexible in workload because the professor might adjust the number of exercises or quizzes according to the preference of students. You can ask your friends to go in a same group with you.manyI. Course Description
Accounting is the language of business. In this course you will learn how to "speak" and "read"
this new language. The course is designed to provide an overview of the financial accounting
frameworks and processes leading to the preparation of financial statements, and develop your
relevant skills to read, interpret and analyze corporate financial reports from various dynamic
business perspectives.
II. Course Objectives
Upon the completion of this course, you should be able to:
1. Develop a comprehensive understanding and well-founded knowledge of financial
accounting, covering:
a. the accounting categories: assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses;
b. the ways an accounting system keeps track of data and information;
c. how generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) influence what is recorded
in the books of an entity;
d. the preparation of a balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement;
e. the reading, interpretation and analysis of a set of financial statements.
2. Understand the role of financial accounting in the decision-making process of business
organizations, and apply financial accounting frameworks to business situations.
3. Form critical judgment covering an ability to identify and define accounting and business
problems, apply analytical and quantitative techniques, and to make and justify decisions;
Page 2 of 5
4. Communicate effectively through collection, analysis and organization of information and
ideas and their clear transmission;
5. Demonstrate teamwork, independence and creativity including working, learning and
problem solving as a team and independently; and
6. Develop ethical and social understanding including a knowledge and respect of ethics and
ethical standards in accounting and an understanding of social and civic responsibility.
III. Required Textbook
Libby, Libby, and Hodge. Financial Accounting, 9
th Edition (International Student Edition),
McGraw-Hill, 2017.
Note: You are required to purchase/get a copy of the textbook for your reading and practice of
the exercises/problems. Previous experience indicated that students who followed the reading
and practice in the teaching schedule were more likely to achieve a higher final grade.
IV. Course Assessment
Class Participation 10%
Quiz 1 10% (Sep 25 in class)
Mid-term Examination 25% (Oct 26 at 7:15-9:15pm, venue: TBA)
Quiz 2 15% (Nov 13 in class)
Final Examination 40%
Total: 100%
V. Course Policies
1. ACCT 2010 will have two class sessions per week that will each blend lecture, tutorial,
problem solving, and discussion together. Each topic will start with a lecture followed by a
discussion of some selected exercises/problems in class to improve your understanding of
and familiarity with the topic lectured, subject to availability of class time. I expect that you
will come to each class adequately prepared by a brief and first-time reading of the
appropriate chapter of the text. This allows you to pay more attention during a lecture to
issues that you have had difficulties in understanding the concepts and theories on your own.
The course is practical in nature and case-oriented requiring a problem-solving approach in
your learning and you are strongly encouraged to participate in doing the assigned
exercises/problems both inside and outside the class, though they are not collected and
graded. The solutions to all practice exercises/problems at the end of each chapter will be
posted on the course website after the chapter is done.
2. Class Participation. You are expected to attend all class regularly and on time, having
prepared beforehand all readings. I also expect you to be actively involved in all class
discussions, including asking questions, sharing your knowledge and experiences during
the class. All of us, your fellow students and me, will be benefited from insightful comments
and thought-provoking questions. On the contrary, those who chat in class are doing a
disservice to everyone present.
Page 3 of 5
3. Quizzes, Mid-term and Final Examinations. All quizzes/exams are closed book, closed
notes unless otherwise announced. The scope of the quizzes/exams will be announced
during class. Two quizzes held in class are scheduled on Mondays, September 25 and
November 13. An evening mid-term examination is scheduled on Wednesday, October
25, 2017 (7-9pm). The final examination is cumulative which may include topics under
the scope of the mid-term examination and quizzes. Programmable calculators are not
permitted.
It is expected that all students will take the quizzes and examinations at the scheduled time.
There will be NO make-up examination for the quizzes and mid-term. If absence from the
examination is due to unexpected medical emergency, the marks earned from the final
examination may be adjusted to substitute for the missing quizzes/mid-term grade. A
student foreseeing unavoidable absence due to a strong justification may seek approval from
the instructor for similar arrangement. Any other absent students will get zero marks for the
quizzes and mid-term exam.
4. Academic Honesty. It is important that students follow university regulations on academic
integrity and honesty. Academic dishonesty will not be tolerated and will be dealt with in
accordance with university rules, which can be accessed at the university website:
.
VI. Getting Help and Staying in Touch
I will post course-related information at the course web site on CANVAS. There are prescheduled
office consultation hours for the course. I suggest that you either visit during these
office consultation hours or make an appointment by sending an email to me. You can ask
substantive (as opposed to procedural) questions by e-mail — but please keep in mind that the
questions pertaining to the course material should be preferably asked in class.
Apart from asking questions in class, you can also use the discussion board on CANVAS to
raise smart questions for the benefit of everyone – the questioner, the instructor and other
students. I will check the discussion board and post replies regularly. You are encouraged to
reply to other students’ questions on CANVAS as part of a supportive learning environment.
I strongly encourage you to raise your questions either in class or on the discussion board as
soon as your problems arise. Do not allow your puzzles or confusions to accumulate because it
will be more difficult to solve them at a later stage.His way of teaching sometimes makes me sleepy. But he has such an incredible memory that he could remember almost every student's name from all his three sessions! He gave us questions at the end of the class, and take attendance by asking students to do the questions given. So he always couldn't finish his class on time.

but I like the teacher, he is funny and he calls my name everytime!Very useful in business life.A little sleepy.I don't know this la.
I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.I don't know this la.Have an essayHigh School Physics with Integration. Most of the science stream student can cope with the syllabus. In terms of the difficulty of syllabus, I will grade A as it is not so difficult for science stream student.Professor is humorous in conducting the whole class. However, he does not allow electronic devices in the class. Therefore, make sure you print the notes or bring textbook(if you want) to the class.Basic Financial Accounting. If you have taken BAFS (Accounting Module) before, this course would definitely be easy for you.Peter teaches well and elaborates clearly on every steps of accounting entries.
His powerpoint is nice and he will assign a few questions for each chapter. If you do all of those extra questions he assigned, it's definitely not hard for you to get a good grade in Peter's class.ignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meignore meeasy material. exchange can pass easily.GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOODGOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOOD GOODThe contents is interesting and not difficult to understand. Basically, if you have taken some relative courses in high school, this course would a piece of cake for you. But still need to bear in mind the memorization is are required for this course.As long as you are not sleepy, listening to Dennis is quite interesting as he could tell you some little business stories.This course introduces students to professional accounting and its roles in business and society.  It starts with explaining how businesses can be set up in different forms and with different objectives, of which respective interested parties (i.e. stakeholders) are affected.  Stakeholders include shareholders, investors, managers,  employees,  creditors,  suppliers,  government  and  regulatory  agencies  etc.  The  assurance  of stakeholders’  interests  relies  on  ethics  and  good  governance  practiced  by  businesses.  Accounting information is used by stakeholders in decision making, as well as ensuring ethical and socially responsible behavior from managers concerned. By virtue of  its extensive usage, accounting is the knowledge, and also the skills, that every person should know at different extent in order to understand and evaluate how businesses are operated as responsible corporate citizens.Some Basic knowledge about accounting. The course content is easy to manage so you don't have to worry even you don't have any accounting background.Dennis's teaching is good. His explanation is clear and precise. He has a lot of experience in this field so he shared some past cases in lessons.The grading is fair. You can get a good grade as long as you make effort. Mid-term is easier than final exam comparatively.Normal as most of the courses in UST.
one mid term, one final exam.
There's also one group project on corporate governance. As a group, you have to submit a ppt and design a game.An easy fundamental accounting course. Every thing in the course is easy to understandDennis explained in the lesson quite clear about the concept of every topic. Just follow the lesson is enough to understand 80% of the materialNot too bad. Heard a friend perform poorly in the final but still got B-Classwork: 5% (total 5 classwork)
Project: 45%
Final Exam: 50%

The classwork is a kind of taking attendance. Just some very easy exercise with instruction from Dennis to follow. If you want to get A range, please do the all the suggested exercise for the final exam. The final did not cover too much, just 5 chapters out of 8 will be examined. The project is not a very demanding one, just finish a proposal and a short presentation about ethical issue in corporate governance for 2 minutes for each group members.Cover mostly DSE scope of Accounting
It will be difficult for those didn't study BAFS in high school
Ethics (first three topics will cover at the project)
The rest topic will cover in the final, but the instructor will cancel one difficult and one easy topic
But the final is 2hours, and difficult as DSE BAFS part C question but not like its suggestion questionVery funny instructor
Clear explanation of the accounting conceptVery fundamental concepts of accounting. Very easy to understand with lots of examples  provided from the current corporate situation.The lecturer was a PhD candidate. She was willing to help students, listen and react to student's feedback.The grading was fair. The midterm had all MC questions. The final exam was a mix of MC and short answer (solving the acct problem and making the balance sheet). The professor was quick to grade the material and had info sessions.midterm exam, group exam (making a financial analysis based on the financial statements of a corporation in a team of 3-4, ppt and 5 pages report) Final Exam.
Workload was adequate
The attached file is one of the lecture pptT1. Business and The Accounting Profession

T2. Ethics – CG – CSR Framework (Ethics, Corporate Governance (CG), and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR))

3 Guest lectures

T3. Foundation Concepts of Accounting

T4. Published Financial Information

T7. Monitoring Assets of Business – Long Lived Assets

T8. Monitoring Financial Liabilities of Business

T9. Monitoring Shareholders’ Interest of Business

Reading
Textbook (HSEP):
Horngren, Charles T., Sundem, Gary L., Elliot, John A., and Philbrick, D., “Introduction
to Financial Accounting”, 11th edition, Pearson New International Edition, 2014.

Other References:
Duska, R., Duska, Brenda S., and Ratgatz, Julie A., “Accounting Ethics”. 2nd edition,
Wiley, 2011. (DDR)

The project is based on, T1, T2 and the 3 guest lectures. The final exam covers T3, T4, T7, T8 and T9. It is a valuable course, even though T5 and T6 are even excluded.Dennis is very helpful. He is a nice guy to answer your question in class and email in a clear and structured detail. I also get his advice about looking for internships in financial institutions like the Big 4. I am glad to be his student.This course is all about some basic accounting principle. As an engineering student without any related background, it's still not difficult to follow. Even though these knowledge may not be that useful for us, it helps to have a sense of it and it's a good common course.The instructor is so nice. You can always ask questions after class. He can illustrate all the principles clearly and patiently.easy when you study the chapters separately
complicated when all the materials are mixed upgd
passionate teaching
willing to talk with you in spare time
care about your difficulties in studying acct and help you to solve themThe content is useful and not very hard to understand. However, the materials after midterm are a bit harder.The Professor is very nice. He can teach in interesting way and sometimes he gave useful business tips. It is crucial to take notes during class.The grading is very good. Make sure that the midterm and project is good. The final exams were so hard.There is a project to make  presentation slides about ethics. It should not be hard but make sure that you give a lot of examples and explanations in the slides' notes. He also gives some quizes in class.The course covers a lot of the basic concepts regarding accounting. From balance sheets and a plethora of relevant ratios and factors that help understand financial data to the fundamental ethics that one must follow in the field of business and accounting which have in the past been in the spotlight for various acts of fraud and crime, this course gives you a good introduction as a non-SBM student. The nature of accounting is such that you do have to memorize quite a lot of information though :/The professor is one of the main reasons this course is worth taking. He speaks very well and explains concepts  precisely, making them pretty easy to understand. He is very open to receiving questions from everyone at any point in class and also after class. Prof replies to emails fairly efficiently and quickly.Mid-term exam
Ch1 Financial reporting and accounting standards
Ch2 Conceptual framework for financial reporting (some new concepts will be learnt)
Ch3 The Accounting Information System (basically, this chapter is just revision)
Ch4 Income statement and related information (you will learn new stuff, e.g. OCI in this chapter)
Ch5 Statement of financial position
Ch5&23 Statement of cash flows (This chapter is quite difficult, you have to do more exercises to get familiar with the direct and indirect methods)
Ch7 Cash and receivables
Ch8 Valuation of inventories: a cost basis
approach (basically this is just for revision, e.g. FIFO, LIFO, average-cost method)
Ch9 Inventories: additional valuation issues

Final exam
Ch10 Acquisition and disposition of property, plant, and equipment(more complicated journal entries)
Ch11 Depreciation, impairments, and
depletion (challenging chapter, you have to do revaluation of assets and impairment)
Ch12 Intangible assets
Ch13 Current liabilities, provisions, and contingencies
Ch14 Non-current liabilities (beware that you are an issuer)
Ch17 Investments (beware that you are an investor)Professor Chan is a really great teacher. He taught accounting in a systematic and clear way. If you get some questions, you could ask him in-class, after-class, or by appointment. He would teach you thoroughly until you understand the whole concept or entries. This is a required course for all students major in FINA (but non-accounting major students). Hope you will enjoy his teaching when you meet him next time.Most of the topics before mid term are covered in ACCT 2010. Then things are 90% new after mid term exam. Topics such as Fixed Asset Revaluation, Bonds and Equity Investments are relatively more complicated, so you may need to spend more time to study them. Whether they are interesting or not depends on your enthusiasm on Accounting...

Professor will give you a "concept sheet" after teaching all topics for you to study accordingly.

Topics are not cumulative in final exams.You may need to take notes during lecture as he will further illustrate the concepts and examples. Teaching is quite clear and the pace is satisfactory. Prof. Chan is a kind local professor. If you have questions, you can ask him questions after lessons with Cantonese or English.The materials in this course are quite useful for your knowledge about what is really happening in this Finance and Business world. The exam is more about the journal entry --> similar with ACCT2010Dennis is one of the best teachers I ever have in HKUST. He really knows and understands all the materials in this course.Mostly focusing on matters such as depreciation, revaluation, equity issuances, debt issuance, equity and debt holding. Critical accounting concepts required to understand and analyze financial statements. Not very relevant since accounting rules are always changing.Mostly textbook based, but spends class time to illustrate concepts and examples. Approachable professor, and one who is willing to repeat concepts in class if you haven't gotten them at first attempt.Class participation and classwork 6%
Assignment 9%
Mid-term 30%
Final 55%Dennis is definitely one of the best professors I've had so far. He is a great instructor and he explains the concepts very thoroughly, but he doesn't put everything in the slides so make sure you take notes. He's very helpful if you come across any questions during/after class.The final is not cumulative; most of the content is easy. attendance is required. but can be taken by your friends. have several in class exercises. graded by attempts not by accuracyvery clear. the best accounting course i have ever taken in hkust.  the professor is really nice and friendly. very willing to answer your questions.Compulsory course for non-accounting major but Finance major students.

－From financial accounting to financial reporting
－Focused on published financial information and statements
－Deals with complexity of accounting items
－More principles-based by following accounting standards (IFRS)
－More on recognition before measurement
－More on valuation using fair values
－Emphases on earnings quality and consistency

Topics include:
  －Financial Accounting and Accounting Standards
  －Conceptual Framework of Financial Reporting
  －Income Statement, Financial Position, Cash Flows
  －Cash and Receivables, Valuation of Inventories
  －Acquisition and Disposition of PPE
  －Depreciation, Impairment and Depletion
  －Intangible Assets
  －Current Liabilities, Provisions, and Contingencies
  －Non-Current Liabilities
  －Financial Assets (Investment)Professor Chan is a very nice HongKonger professor that he illustrates different concepts very clear! Taking notes is necessary during his lecture if you don't want to read textbook yourself.

However, I usually skip his lectures if i knew that there will not be any in-class exercise. As a result i need to read the textbook to learn the concepts myself and I think it is better to have his lessons and do the end-chapter questions once finishing a chapter (the best way to learn in this course)The content in this course is quite easy. All of them are calculations. However, as you may know, the questions in management accounting are quite long and complicated.

Ch1 Review of Cost Concepts
Ch2 CVP Analysis
Ch3 Estimations and Applications of Cost Functions
Ch4 Learning Curve
Ch5 Product Mix Decisions and Linear Programming
Ch6 Balanced Scorecard and Strategic Profitability Analysis
Ch7 Variance Analysis and Customer Profitability Analysis
Ch8 Allocation of Support Department Costs
Ch9 Allocation of Joint Costs
Ch10 Transfer Pricing
Ch11 Performance Measurement

Most of the contents have already been learnt in ACCT2200. But it is on high level.Professor's teaching is great with much passion. He is also funny that you will not get bored in class. You need to attend every lessons as there is class participation that he will mark down the person that has answered his questions.Learnt many cost items, like balanced score card, joint cost, transfer pricing, CVP analysis, linear programming...

But the notes organisation was a bit messy and disorganised, and many times Tony said sth that was not mentioned in lecture notes, so attendance was importantFunny guy, nice man
Always asked questions so that I would not fall asleepNo CommentKelvin hates people chatting in class, and will ask you to repeat what he have said if you get caught. Sitting anywhere in classroom never help. Teaching was boring, all on slides, just read. Examples taught in class were not able to explain what he taught. Attendance counts, but be prepared to self-study for exams.This course is about management accounting and the content is not very difficult. But students with BAFS background still have more advantages.He usually gives quite a lot free time for us to finish exercise on lessons so some students may think the lesson is not very useful. But Stice is a very nice and funny professor that it's easy for you to pay attention on his teaching.The course is an introduction of managerial accounting, in other word, how accounting help company managers make good decision in planning, implementing and controlling.Allen is one of the best progresor I had ever met in the UST. His teaching is really vivid with lots of interesting personal experience (guess he has a lots of friends loool) and is very logical and clear in the mean time. He is so nice to all the students and will always encourage you as long as you interact with him. He even allows students to attend any alternative lesson if you can't attend the 9 am class haha. What's more, he would always print all the slides of the course and handed out before the chapter is taught.Allen is such a good professor, just get enrolled and enjoy the ACCT 2200!Most of the contents are taught in secondary school.very detailed notes. The instructor answered the questions with simple and understandable examples.Since the mid-term exams were very easy, the mean was high.
There's bonus question in the first mid-term but not many people got it (no partial credit).

Instructors may adjust the final grade because of the major you are in, but no detail information for that.Attendance is not required but there's group exercise in one of the lecture (just attending the lecture and finishing the exercise is fine already).

No required assignment but suggested questions.
Two mid-term exam (closed-book exam). The question is similar to the question from the notes and suggested questions from the text. Finishing those questions helps a lot.

Final exam (opened-book exam). Questions are much more difficult than mid-term exam, but they are just the advanced version of the questions. Reviewing the textbook and notes will help.The content is useful and interesting. For accounting, we may think of only financial staffs, but this course which teaches managerial accounting explain how company measure its performance from another perspective.
It includes lecture and online studying, which is more flexible and diverse. Also it includes some important case studying.Teaching is really perfect. I have 9:00am class but I also never fell asleep because professor is energetic. Half of the class day is optional, which you can choose to learn online by yourself and it provides you with flexibility.Stuffs on management accounting, which is tools for helping companies to make decision, mostly for internal control.

Contents are easy if you have studied dse accouting, although some topics are extended, the logic behind is still the same. Even if you have not, it won't be difficult for you to catch up.

Some capital budgeting concepts are involved, just recall FINA2303 concepts, they are much easier in this course. Derrald also allows us to use financial calculators so that's not really a big deal.Derrlad is an energetic professor who definitely illustrates the concepts and ideas to classess effectively. Sometimes he talks about how to manage your life but not only a company. That's interesting really.

He sometimes ends classes 20 minutes before original end time, his lessons are relaxing also, enough time for discussions (well, and chatting) are provided.

Derrald would provide a handout with all the discussion questions in class, answers are written on the ppt which will be posted on canvas after classes.

Don't be scared by 3 timeslots, only one is compulsory, another one is optional class, you can self learn it in the learning package. The remaining timeslot is fake, no classes there. He also allows you to sit in any session.Basically about some costing methods used for the record of the production. Activity-based costing, process costing and so on. And some easy fundamental knowledge like break-even analysis, budgeting, variance and so on.Very energetic!!! Me and my friend like him so much that we wouldn't skip his class even it is a 9 AM class.
Very active during the class and lots of jokes involved and it made our class even funnier.Managerial Accounting stuffs, actually they are all about costs.Allen is a great and friendly professor, his teaching is clear and precise, no english accent but speaks a bit fast. a bit difficult to catch up. But, he told us he will not teach ug students next http://year.so sad.I rate the content A because the course materials are really simple and straight-forward. Finishing all exercises inside the textbook can guarantee good result results of final and mid-term.That was really horrible. Always 10 minutes late to the class. Nothing good to mention.he is very strict to people who is late
notes are pretty clear and useful
some exam questions were extracted in textbook
so students have the need to finish all chapter exercisesgood examples were given
adequate exercises were given in class
but the final exam was pretty hard compared to midtermThe lecture powerpoint is clear and simple that you can read and get it by yourselves.His teaching is great, with a lot of jokes and example to make you clear. However, his speed of speaking English is quite fast, if you are not enough concentrated, you will discover that you are far behind.Managerial accounting, in my opinion, is more straightforward and intuitive to understand than the financial accounting. No hard concept to grasp, it's the matter of how well you adapt the concept to the problems, which would be fairly easy.Allen Huang is a great instructor. His delivery was especially clear that you could understand and apply the concept at the class even without prior reading of the section. He is passionate and very clearly delivers the class content, and I liked his sense of humor.This course is about cost accounting, which I think is more intuitive and easier than ACCT 2010. The syllabus is quite less. Most of the content is about concept which you should understand rather than memorise them.He teaches very well, though very quick. He prints all the notes for us and distribute every lesson. Attendance is not required so you can pick any session you want.The content is so easy compared to the other professors, usually only one page of notes, and he has no powerpoint slides. There are group works every other week, each worth 2%. Near the end of the semester, he took attendance once.He's always late for at least 10 minutes and ends early. He would keep writing on his notes and expecting you to copy everything. But his writing is super ugly.It's useful for accounting if you want to major in accounting, you must work hard on this course. But take it easy, the content isn't hard to understand, even if you miss 1 or 2 lessons, you could get it through reading the powerpoint your own.Content is easy to follow. Mostly, it's focusing on managerial accounting (Fundamental Level of Costing). If guys are not familiar with ACCT 2010. It doesn't matter. Because the notes of Thomas is easy to follow and revise. Content is easy to follow. Mostly, it's focusing on managerial accounting (Fundamental Level of Costing). If guys are not familiar with ACCT 2010. It doesn't matter. Because the notes of Thomas is easy to follow and revise.Passion, helpful.Well-prepared for his notes.not difficult, the content after 1st midterm will be new for dse students
but textbook is a must as you have to do exercise online
recommend to do all the exercise before exam.teaching is quit boring, and the flow is quite fast
always can leave earlier, about 15 minutes before finish
The power point sometimes is like a shit and you have to check the textbook yourself at home again.Not difficult
Teach basic cost accounting content
Textbook is not a must, but you can do the exercises as a practice, the professor will upload the answers after finishing each topic.Quite boring, his tone is pretty much the same
His accent is sometimes hard to understand, he is a French
He said this is the first time teaching in Hong Kong.This course is about cost accounting or managerial accounting. You will learn something about job costing, CVP, activity-based costing, budgeting, controlling costs and profits, and so on. You will get more specific information once you receive the course outline.
Comparing to ACCT2010, this is a totally different course about accounting so it is hard for comparison. But if you have a careful mind and you have developed the sense of account, it is definitely a way for you to ace this course.Stice is really funny and he tries to use different methods to improve the atmosphere of classroom. He asks some students to make some paper planes in order to demonstrate the process costing. He suggests us to do some quizzes before and after lesson  so as to check if we have learnt those materials well. During lesson, he will also discuss some accounting cases with us and will be examined.comparing to acct2010 , it is easierwell teaching , explain everything clearlyi think he is good grade,

2 quiz are easy, grading all depends on final.
final is complicated and diffcult , SD is high

if u want to get good grade, it is importatnt to fully understand the content. He likes to test something that barely covered in class, like give u a situation that havent taught before, But is will be fine if u really understand the topiclow workload
no  homework
dont take attendance
2 quiz + 1 final( open book)Easy to understand. There will be some in-class exercises that make you familiar with solving problems.Actually he is quite fun and seldom raises questions. He will print all the notes for students too. But there are two points to be cautious; if you are late for class or interrupt the class, he may get annoyed and tell you to answer questions.The content is relatively easier compared to other professors. His lecture notes are very simple, some topics only have two pages of notes. He didn't cover much content in the textbook.He was always 10 minutes late for class. The questions on his lecture notes were easy. And he had 10 group work for the whole semester, which he gave us 30 minutes to finish and present the answers for each one of them. So most of the times he only taught for 40 minutes.The content is quite easy to follow. You just need to memorize the formula (in fact provided in exam) and do some exercise, you will find it easy.In fact his accent is a bit difficult to hear... but he provides some exercise in each lesson so we have chance to do and learn.There are 2 quizzes instead of mid-term. Heavier weighting is put on the quiz you perform better. This is quite impressing. I did not perform very well in the first quiz. This give me more motivation to study in the next quiz so my grade will not be greatly affected by the first quiz.There is no workload in fact. Comparing to other professors, he does not require students to present. So it is quite easy.Managerial acct.Very engaging professor. Gives out handouts for each chapter so no need to print your own ppts. May go through the slides very fast but explains very well, and uses real-life examples. Also, does not mind which lecture you go to.For SB&M students, and programs that designate the course as a required/specified elective course. This is the second course of the principles of accounting sequence. It introduces concepts, accounting methods, and analytical tools related to managerial and cost accounting. Topics include fundamental cost concepts, job-order and process costing systems, CVP analysis, budgets and standards, segment reporting, and decision-making using cost information.I really liked the professor's style of delivering lessons. He is very brief and clear with his message. Gives real-life examples or in-class exercises that help students understand some possibly-difficult questions.
He handed out prints once in every week and let students solve them. No attendance check and the professor allows you to come to any time slots.

With him, I personally found Managerial Accounting really fun and easy-going actually.The content was even simpler than that of the other lectures'. Prof. Thomas kept emphasising the real life applications of the topics, and had skipped most of the challenging calculations. When you are having the lectures, you will feel that it was like a management course rather than an accounting course.Since Thomas comes from France, he has a special accent which many locals may have difficulties on understanding at the beginning.

He hates people to be late. If you are late for around fifteen minutes or more, he will either tell you "you are very late!" or locked the door.Content wise, the course is really straightforward, and if one were to continuously stay on track with what is happening in class, you would never fall behind. Content is supported by videos, which supplement all of the lectures with examples and further analysis, and these are quite helpful.Not only does Stice aim to ensure that every individual in class is following through what is happening, he strives to make accounting fun through the use of real world examples that we may find ourselves going through in the future.The course materials are not difficult to handle. Although I don't know what is taught in other classes, in this class the focus is some important accounting concepts like process costing, differential costs and time value of money. No need to memorize the exact formats of financial statements. Understanding the basic concepts would be fine.Stice is a caring teacher who shows much enthusiasm towards accounting. In his lessons, he would not only discuss the important principles of accounting, he would also spend some time explaining the intuition behind, which is really good but the intuition is not covered in exams. The intuition can be some recommendations raised by consultants. For example, given financial problems indicated by the accounting tool, how can the company overcome the problems? Personally, as I've heard Stice is conducting classes for MBA, I hope to attend some of his lessons. A really good teacher.Well-prepared notes. The topics are relatively quite easy when compared to other classes. You will understand the topics even if you don't go to class. But there are too few practices.The topics are well-explained in class. It is to follow what he teaches in class. But his tone is quite dull so students lack attention during class. Overall speaking, his teaching is quite good.Funny Taiwanese English
But can speak fluent Cantonese :-)General concepts of managerial accounting:
- Costing methods
- Decision making
- BudgetingAllen's teaching is clear but a bit fast. He will go through the lecture materials with several examples and exercise at the end of each concept. Recommend to revise previous lecture materials before attending the next class.No CommentIt is useful to learn some basic knowledge of accounting.  It is mainly focus on the cost accounting.He teaches very clear and easy to understand.  Also, he is funny and always make jokes  in the lessons. I never bored in his class.It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A rangIt is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.e for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.
It is easy to get A range for keep doing exercises before the exam.Not much things to do. Only midterms and exam.
Just enjoy his teaching is enough.The Powerpoints were detailed and quite well-explained.The teaching was quite boring to me. I don't know if it was my problem or what but I saw a lot of people sleeping , chatting and playing their electronic devices in class. And students just lacked participation in classAll basic information about auditing. They are somehow common sense. And you can find a lot of reference from the CPA exam.The professor usually read through the text. And sometimes he will use Cantonese to repeat. However, the professor did not follow the sequence of the textbook chapters and the teaching schedule is not well organized. You may get lost sometimes.Very boring stuff, with nothing to do with acct rules
All was about law, like understanding the ethical considerations as being an auditor and the steps in auditing
Very theorical due to its natureFair, sometimes he speaks Cantonese (he is from HK) to make fun
Due to the nature of this course(law), it is not uncommon to feel boringStandard auditing methodologies and theories. David uses various sources for this course, so there are no standard textbooks. He will upload a course outline for every lecture topic, so print them out or bring your laptop to class to take notes.
He will use QP and ACCA past papers to do discussion questions in class, which is quite nice.David likes to walk around and ask students questions suddenly, so you have to pay attention. He will sometimes use Cantonese in class, but then explain again in English. Overall, he understands the concepts clearly. But he doesn't smile too much...Topics include non-current liability, bond, taxation, etc. Nothing special and it is actually not difficult. But you have to make effort in reviewing the course material.Wang Shiheng is the best professor I ever seen. She can explain some complicated concept to us clearly. If you attend the class, I am quite sure that you are able to learn a lot from her.content.. normal la, like contingent liability, finance lease, tax, payroll...i think in my opinion not as difficult as acct 3010

and then as usual la, have in class quiz and Wiley plus...I like her teaching, she is like a diplomatic spokeswoman and she is not feminine at all.... cool~this course is an advanced course of acct 3010 and the content is quite similar. if you did well in 3010, it is very easy for you to catch up the lesson.i forgot the name of my professor but she worked in big 4 in shanghai before. although her english was hard to understand, her teaching was very clear and full of content.This course focuses on consolidation. It gets progressively harder so make sure you grasp the first 3 chapters or else, it'd be hard to catch up. Reading from the PowerPoint slides and doing exercises from the textbook would be sufficient.The instructor basically teaches from the lecture slides and although he tries to explain the concepts as clearly as he can, he does get confused a lot (so heads up!).Compulsory course for ACCT major. Covers more advanced financial accounting concepts such as consolidated financial statements and different kinds of journal entries required (for consolidated assets, liabilities, equity) when mergers and acquisitions happen. Some small parts like EPS, indirect and mutual holdings will also be discussed.Peter is a very nice professor. He always tries his best to answer the questions and explain the concepts. However, as this was the very first time he taught the course, he was not very familiar with the course materials and sometimes made some mistakes in the class. He may also speed up when he found that he did not have enough time to teach (and then cannot explain the concepts clearly...). Nevertheless, Peter has shown his passion in teaching and worked hard to explain those complex entries and concepts. :)Extremely difficult that my emotion was seriously affected
All content was about consolidation (entries about a company having merger and acquisition)Though the content was VERY difficult, I could see he spent a lot of time and effort in explaining the difficult termsConsolidation of financial statements; starts from very basic situations (recognizing goodwill whilst disolving subsidiary) to adjusting inter-company transactions. First 4 chapters are very important, so make sure you understand fully how the figures are calculated. Peter only teaches the basic method on how to arrive on those figures, but the textbook will elaborate on other methods.Because consolidation is very complicated, Peter encourages us to attend every lecture. He knows the concepts and methodologies well, but his English is not so good, and one can easily doze off, especially in the afternoon. He follows the PPT strictly, but he will happily answer any questions you raise throughout class. After a lot of lecturing, he will give out handouts for us to practice in-class. But his time management is not so good, so sometimes he rushes in the end.Intermediate accounting.

Most concepts are built on the introductory financial accounting. Just some new things are introduced and they can be handled with some effort.

This course focus on assets side and revenue recognition. The other part of FA will be discussed in 3020 and 4010.Well, her english is totally fine, I would say it is rather good among mainland professors. However, she spends all the time in talking about easy / useless things. Sometimes she will divert to some market news. It may be good if she can cover all content, she, unfortunately, cannot.

As a result, she rush through contents which appear in the exams (journal entries).  

If you are willing to read slides yourself, well, you can do so definitely.First accounting major required course. It covers part of the knowledge learnt in ACCT2010 but with more details.
Chapter 1 Financial Accounting and Accounting Standards
Chapter 2 Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
Chapter 3 The Accounting Information System
Chapter 4 Income Statement and Related Information
Chapter 4 Statement of Financial Position and Statement of Cash Flows
Chapter 7
Cash and Receivables
Chapter 8 Valuation of Inventories: A Cost-Basis Approach
Chapter 9 Inventories-- Additional Valuation Issues
Chapter 10 Acquisition and Disposition of PPE
Chapter 11 Depreciation, Impairments and Depletion
Chapter 12 Intangible Assets
Chapter 18 Revenue RecognitionYou do not need to attend any lessons as all of them can be revised by yourself. I did not attend any lectures for this course except the first lesson. You only need to do ALL questions at the end of the chapter as all nearly all exam questions are extracted from textbooks.we used textbook lollll, not much problem, very standard
you have to pay $120 for homework (wileyplus)so so, the voice is boring ZZZZZZZZZ

maybe she is busy as one time I sent her many questions, she just sent them to TAContent was very standard. The first few classes was about the IFRS framework (which was a bit boring), and then we start talking about the asset side of the B/S (which is the focus of the whole course). Content was not difficult to digest, but we needed to memorize a lot of journal entries, so practice practice practice to understand what situation to do which entry.
There's also a project that focuses on revenue recognition to deepen our understanding of the topic, coz there was a new guideline (IFRS 15) that was just published.Amy was a very good professor, but a lot of the time she reads the PPT, and uses examples from the textbook directly. She has a deep understanding of the market, and will sometimes share her thoughts on some market news during class. But since the examples were really limited, we have to do a lot of practice to understand more. Also, this semester was the first time Amy asked students to do a project for this course, so she didn't really give clear instructions on how to complete the project. In the end, after the presentation, she commented that we should focus a bit more on the quantitative side of things (meaning we should focus on how to do journal entries instead of just explaining the new revenue recognition rules) and the market's reaction to the new rule. So next year be aware of that.The extension of ACCT 2010. The content is relatively simple, and most knowledge is built on the topics of ACCT 2010. Therefore, revision on ACCT 2010 is very important before entering this course.

Topics mainly includes the IFRS accounting system's formatting principles, 3 types of financial statements and the accounting method for assets and revenue recognition.Amy mainly teaches according to powerpoints, while she tries her best to incorporate business news related to topics to make lessons more interesting.

She often ends her lessons early, as the schedule is not that tight in this semester, but her speed is quite fast during lessons. She explains some common mistakes and clarifies common misconceptions of her previous students during classes.The whole course is about a simulation game. Each group will act as a company and make decision in different departments like marketing and production. It is very fun and your whole team can build a great bond.The professor has a lot of knowledge in different aspects and you can learn a lot from him. He is also very nice and friendly so you can chat with him like friends. However, the way he talked maybe a little bored, especially in a 3-hr lecture.You get hands on experience in managing a company through a simulation game which will be very useful when you start working, as you will understand how different departments across a company work hand in hand. Also the professor teaches many important life skills like the art of war in the business world.The professor is really nice and willing to teach you things and also hes really smart! He always welcomes questions and likes it when students find him outside of class.Content of lecture is quite boring and not very helpful for the simulation game. First 2 lectures were introductory and about high-level stuffs. Then, in each week's lecture the professor talks about the performance of simulation game of each team. There were 2 lectures in the middle about the 2 cases.The professor is very friendly and humorous. But the way lectures are a bit boring.The whole course is based on a simulation game called CAPSIM (as mentioned by many other reviews).

In the first three weeks, lectures about strategic positioning and strategy execution are given. An overview on the game is also given.

Before the real game starts, a few weeks are spent on the practice rounds to give students a taste of how the game is like, and as a warm up for those who need some time to familiarize themselves with the game. The game is played against fellow student teams in the class. There were 3 practice rounds in Spring 2017 - not sure if the number is different in other semesters.

The real game lasts for 8 rounds. In the first few rounds, students have more time to make decisions for the game. However, the decision making time is reduced gradually - only 1 hour was given for the decisions in round 8 when compared to a full week in round 1. As the game proceeds, the game becomes more and more challenging.Professor Hui is knowledgeable. He has numerous real-life examples in many different scenarios to explain his materials. While going through the lectures, he introduced a lot of discussions to help us apply the strategies. The lectures are not just useful in business field, but can be useful in other areas as well. He is also very responsive to questions.The whole course is about winning the simulation game. You will be assigned to a group and your group will be competing with the other 5 groups. The better your performance in the simulation, the better your grade.The course will be once a week, 3 hours long. But most of the time, students are free to leave at the first 1 hour as the remaining 2 hours are designed for group discussions.business cases are very interesting, what you do in class is quite boring.

the simulation, which is the main point of the course is fun - but you have to work diligently to get a good grade.the teacher is a vast resource of knowledge, and can speak on length about almost any topic you ask him about. dont be afraid to ask questions, because this course does have a participation mark.The lecture design is fun. With around 80% throughout the semester students will be divided into groups and discuss about strateges for CAPSIM in different breakout rooms. There are not much revising need for this course.Lecturer is a bit dull. However lecture is fun as it's like a mini case competition throughout the semester.However inThe lecture part is separated from the lab part. There are only 18 lectures and 10 labs in total. An industry week and presentation weeks took 6 lectures away.He is a new professor at HKUST but he is an experienced professor elsewhere. His teaching is interesting as he made jokes during classes. Remember don't miss any of his classes, as you may not be able to catch up if you miss it. No video will be uploaded to Canvas.well to me it is actually a bit too much. Though it is an introduction course, they cover many topics, so which means that they would not talk about each topic thoroughly. Therefore you may have to memorize many terms or impacts without really understanding them.perhaps Tat Koon is the best instructor I have ever seen. No attendance taken. Never pick someone to answer his questions (unless he is familiar with you). Always illustrate the idea in a funny way.As this is only an introduction course of Information System, the content covered in this course may not as technical and practical as other higher level ISOM courses. This course will provide you a wide range of IS concept and knowledge which are quite interesting and useful.I think the lectures are not boring, but it depends whether you are interested in that IS topic or not. Tat Koon would ask which IS knowlegde or topic we want him to teach or cover at the beginning of the semester.
Btw, some of his jokes' quality are quite good actually.The powerpoint slides are very detailed. No attendance is required. you have to do a group project with 6-7 people about the business related to E-commerce. Presentation and report are needed.Very passionate instructor who is willing to accept the comments from the students. He creates a website for students to do the peer-evaluation and give comments on others' project . At the end of the course, he will allow students to hand in their DIY cheatsheet and let all students vote for their favourite  one.Topics are:
Digital Economy
E-commerce
Technical Foundations
Database
Business Analytics and Decision Makings
WWW/Internet
Technology-Enabled Business TrendsHe teaches pretty well and he is very engaging.
He constantly ask questions and you can get prati points with that, which make up to 15% of your final grade.
He doesn't go very deep into details on every topic thus it's easy to follow.
It's what you would expect from an introduction course. It's pretty basic but good grade.The lecture is very easy to understand. It gives a simple introduction to business and IS. Mostly about sources of data and e-commerce.
But the LAB of ISOM 2010 is totally different from the lecture. Their contents are irrelevant and completely different. I think the LAB is more difficult than lecture. The LAB teaches some basic programming and data analysis.The lecture is a little boring but very easy to understand. Printed notes distributed at the beginning of every lecture.
The tutor of the LAB is extremely boring but things are taught in a fast pace.Easy introduction course on Information Systems
Not much technical things but introducing some IS concepts as well as case study on companies applying Information Systems in their business
If you are interested in IS, the course would not be boring for you.He is a new professor in HKUST, well his teaching is fair I guess.
He merely read out the powerpoint so skipping lessons would not be a big deal
He sometimes make fun of the class for having only around 10 students (as it is a 9am class and no attendance taking lol)A fundamental course for business students to have a brief insight for information system. The content is quite basic yet intriguing. The content mainly covers latest trends and technology such as social media, blockchain and so on so on.Xu Hong is a nice lecturer who is willing to answer any question during and after lectures. She is a friendly professor. Top 3 lecturers in university according to my own experience.LAB and LECTURE are separated
lecture:
no calculations at all
memorization of concepts
content isnt very difficult (u can understand it reading the lecture slides on ur own)
lab:
takes attendance (quite strictly so u better attend that class urself)
very easy in the beginning but gets so confusing after midterm, if u miss one step, u cant do anything elsenew korean prof
has a rather strong korean accent
basically reads from ppt so not a lot of people go to his class (especially when its a 9am class)
he is not quite sure about the syllabus, grading and projects
not much guidelines on project (better ask the TA or ask him after class)A brief Introduction of information systems.
The content is very general and nothing technical.Tat Koon is a good and passionate instructor that makes you to be in love with IS.
His teaching is interesting (sometimes it is boring because the content is boring) and he gives out good grading.the content is easy to understand and quite a lot of it are common sense but because of ppl can get high marks easily and the mean is often very highprofessor is willing to give comment to project and will give comment right after the presentationthe mean is quite high which make getting good grade even harderAcceptable workload no regular assignments but the project takes up a large portion of the overall grade
midterm and final exam are quite easy but there's short questions which require some recitingMost of the content is easy to be understood because they are mostly lively cases.His teaching is quite boring that most of the time is like reading aloud the lecture notes.The midterm and and final are in similar format that are MCs and fill in the blanks only. If you memorize the lecture notes well, you can then get good grade easily.The workload is very light. There is no assignment but only the group project and presentation. All you need to hand in is the self-introduction card , the project's proposal, final project as well as the powerpoint.The course provides fundamentals of Information system, namely the different concepts that describe the business model and operating systems in the IT industry. There are both lectures and lab sections, former could be skipped but make sure that you have all the notes and case studies. Students must attend lab sections to take participation score.
There will be around 10 labs and you must complete the quiz at the end of each section. Unlimited attempts are allowed. Students who have taken Comp1022Q will surely have benefits since Excel VBA is included in lab syllabus.The content is simple and easy to understand. Xu Hong's teaching style is just following the slides and speak out its content. Honestly, you can just skip all the lessons if you do not care about the participation marks. She will have a review session before mid-term and final. Simply memorize all the content in the review session the is ok.It is a general introduction course so it covers only some basic concepts and theories that are not so practical and technical.
From my memory, the topics include E-commerce, digital economy, online platforms, data analytics, big data, bitcoins & blockchain. I personally find the topics about big data and blockchain more interesting than others.Prof. Dongwon Lee is basically reading the powerpoints out every lesson, so his lessons are extremely boring that everyone is not concentrating in class but doing their own stuff instead. Even if he includes real-life cases, he is still reading them aloud lol So actually you don't even need to attend his lectures and can self-study his powerpoint slides, which are though made nice and clear. And he doesn't give any instructions regarding the project or provide any expectations.The course provides fundamentals of Information system, namely the different concepts that describe the business model and operating systems in the IT industry. There are both lectures and lab sections, former could be skipped but make sure that you have all the notes and case studies. Students must attend lab sections to take participation score.
There will be around 10 labs and you must complete the quiz at the end of each section. Unlimited attempts are allowed. Students who have taken Comp1022Q will surely have benefits since Excel VBA is included in lab syllabus.The pace is acceptable and generally slower than the average courses in HKUST.Lecture: Honestly I have no idea what I learnt after the end of the semester either... mainly about the different application of IS in different aspects, such as accounting, commerce, etc.

Lab: Teaching stuff like excel, app development, and lots of big data and excel VBA. Not as hardcore as computer courses though I suppose.Lecture: total BS, he doesn't know what he is talking about either, repeat and repeat
Lab: Uncle Paul is actually quite good (and funny at times though everyone just wants to leave his lab asap...) :pA basic look into information systems theories, quite useful for future case comps... It's not very technical and practical, baically telling you what those theory are.

e.g, the types of online platform, what is their audience, how do they earn money, etc.His teaching is quite fun.
He used a lot of vivid examples and I never fell asleep in his class LOL.Introduction course for Information Systems. Covers content including but not limited to Big Data, E-commerce, Platforms, Social Media Management, Software, Crowdsourcing etc.Professor Koh teaches really well and makes the class really interesting by giving good examples to illustrate his ideas and get the class to participate in discussions. The things that he mentions in class will also be related to the questions that will appear in the exams, so paying attention would be beneficial.Theories and models about internet and business. Its quite interesting and easy to understand. Many facts and concepts are just common sense and similar with other business courses. The facts and names are not hard to recite as they are quite applicable in daily life.The professor is probably the best that ive met. Teach with passion and heart <3. He tried to explain every concept clearly and always eager to receive feedback from students.The contents are very useful and interesting.The professor teaches very well, he made IS way more interesting than I'd ever thought. The professor is also very friendly towards the students. The class was always interactive due to the two-way communication between the professor and the students.Lectures
Part 1
1. IS Outsourcing Sharing Economy
2. IS & Marketing
3. IS & Sustainability
4. eCommerce Part 1
5. eCommerce Part 2

Part 2
1. Analytics Lecture 1
2. Analytics Lecture 2
3. Everydata
4. Big Data Challenges
Basically the content is not worth for teaching for 1 semester. Not rewarding

Lab
1. Google Manual
2. Excel
3. Mobile Apps
4. Ethical Hacking
5. Access
6. Big Data Analytics 1
7. Big Data Analytics 2
8. Big Data Analytics 3
9. VBA 1
10. VBA 2His teaching is super horrible
1. Horrible Indian Accent
2. Unorganised speaking structure
3. Spend a lot of time in meaningless discussion and Q&A
4. Unorganised notes
5. Bad grade if he doesnt recognise you
He just wastes your time

For lab part,
TA guides step by step. If you pay attention, you can understand what he was doing. But I cannot fully realize how that can be used and I always get confused.Course content are different as for different professors. For Dr. P, he covers a brief introduction of E Commerce, Big Data and different aspects that Information system are involved in business world, including IS & Marketing, IS & Accounting, IS & Sustainability, e.t.c. Contents are very easy and basic. It grants students chances to have a look at what Information System is in fact. To me personally, it is an eye-opening experience as I really understand more about Information System and I am attracted by the course that I am going to go for this major.Dr. P stresses on class atmosphere and interaction of students and teachers. He played many interesting IS-related videos and allowed students to discuss among some open-ended topics. Discussion occupies quite a large portion of the lecture period. His teaching is systematic, interesting and inspiring.I honestly don't even know what I learnedWhere do I begin.. He spends more time showing you a 5 min video and leaving the room for 10 and coming back to discuss the same thing for a solid 20 minutes. He then puts on a ppt with the same material on it and slowly reads them out and BS for a bit longer hoping class endsI like how he actually teaches us IS concepts, for an introductory course, it is more than enough

Attendance only counts for you to watch the others when they present

(Oh, we have lab)I like how he actually uses point forms to present his lecture.

He also let us watch videos to help us learnCourse content is all BS
No meaningful information acquired that you can use in real life
Full of useless theories and phrases
Mostly common senseTeaching style is very boring, basically you just sit for 1 hour and 20 minutes listening to him lecturing about nothing. You are not allowed play your phone in class. Lecture about the materials can be done in 20 minutes, but he keeps dragging it with class discussions. I have to keep drinking water to keep myself awake.

The class discussions doesn't help with understanding the material at all. Basically people just ask shitty questions to get participation points and nobody really listens to his equally shitty answer. The class discussions are usually half an hour long and the rest of the lecture duration are allocated for watching 1-2 20 minute youtube video and another class sharing about our opinions regarding the video.Interesting content, current trend of technology and its utilisation. Most knowledge taught in the class is about common sense and basic knowledge of current technology developmentchill and interesting, video is included, talking about different utilisation of technology. What he said in the class will be included the exam and may not written down in the lecture slideIntroduction to Information Systems is very interesting. It is also very easy to follow as most of the things in the course are basic knowledge and common sense.XU Hong only teaches stuff that will be included in the examinations, which is nice as you know what to study for the mid terms and finals. Sometimes she will spend time talking on cases (optional), however, one or two questions will be relevant to the answers discussed in class in mid term.The content itself is pretty straightforward - digital economy, e-commerce, big data, business analytics. There's no textbook, and all the required information is found on the lecture slides, which are pretty detailed and easy to follow.Professor Zhang is a really interactive and interesting teacher, and you learn a lot from him - both about the content and about wider issues in class. He's very helpful and it's very easy to approach him with any questions you have with the course content, group project and anything else. I would highly recommending enrolling in his section because his lessons are very interesting.The content taught during lecture is very common sense. It focuses on how IT connects people in the world and achieves sustainability. Some concepts related to IS auditing are also covered.The worst professor I have ever seen in my life. His logic and powerpoint slides are hard to follow. He spent so much time on group discussions and did not teach much. You need to answer his questions during his lecture so that he can remember your face.Content was easy and common sense. Covered topics like E-commerce, Big Data, and something more.The professor was nice and witty. Love his lectures. As he didn't stress on studying for finals and midterm that much so the papers were really simply (hence a very high mean). He kept emphasising that this course was about training you how to think instead of the muscle-building-nature like other courses.It is pretty shit. Saying some primary level terms. and show a lot of examples. keep talking about IBM. It is useful when the bonus at final is testing it. You dont really have to listen to anything he teaches. Everything is on the slides. Do revision before final.It likes to ask question and make jokes that he laughs. It has an awesome way of entertaining himself. It is fun tho sometimes look at his cute face. He doesnt mind you do anything. People are watching youtube with earphones. But dont skip lesson. He is cunning as hell. Taking attendance super random, but will fail you if you miss it 3 / 5 times.E-commerce, Web2.0, Big Data etc Basic concepts of IS.

Very easy, can study very well without ICT/IT background.

1 midterm, Final Exam, 1 Group project, In-class Exercises that are very easy and only have around five.Xu, hong is a nice professor and she would not ask difficult questions. Her teaching is clear and the speed is moderate but maybe a bit boring.Both lectures and lab sessions are required.
Lecture:The content is quite easy to catch up and follow.
Basically just some fundamental knowledge regarding computer. Some topics are quite interesting like social networking, auction etc.
Lab session: 10 lessons in total, only content from last 5 lessons will be examined which are VBA and big dataMichael always play videos and share his personal lifes with us, they are quite attracting and interesting. He spoke very clearly, and explained the concepts in a manner that was easy to understand. During the lecture before a quiz, he would highlight all the keypoints and information that may appear on the quiz.

Sum Yu always response email efficiently. His teaching is clear and in a detailed manner. And he is willing to answer your questions related to IS industry.lecture:
basic, elementary content of information system
content eg: online shopping, big data analytic etc
rich content and many real-life examples
not difficult to understand

lab:
quite difficult and clumsy
sometimes is hard to understand
but exam will provide data sheet, so no worriesQuite useful for students who are interested in IT technologies.Michael will skip useless or boring part of the class and focus on interesting topics. Videos are used to enrich our understanding on certain topics such as artificial intelligence.

Samuel is a good TA. He responses quickly to emails from students and he also glad to answer questions after class.The content is too simple for an university student. Most of them are easy to understand.The teaching style from Michael is so good. He doesn't focus on memorizing, instead, emphasizes on what you can exactly be benefited from the class. However, michael plays lots of videos during lesson and you may probably find it boring.This course mostly consists of basic background information of the e-commerce world. Simple calculation(just a little bit). and little bit coding.My teacher is Professor Micheal Zhang. He is so cute :)))) Nice teacher always share a lotDefinitely good. Professor Zhang gives as much A range as he can. I got only 88% overall only but still got an A-.light workload at all. Only one midterm one final and one project. The midterm and final are so easy as you dont need to memorise so many stuff. They are just MC.Basically simple introduction of ISOM. E-commerce, Big data, something like that, nothing hard. You just have to recite the stuff on the powerpoint and can do well in the exams. The exams are in MCQ so the mean was quite high. Every point matters! The lab exam was very easy, you don't actually have to study for it, you can get the ans from the sth like cheat sheet provided.She read content from the slides, pretty boring though. I guess most students weren't listening. Remember to do all the in class exercise cause they matter when everyone's scores were close.The structure of what the professor wants to teach is very clear. Concepts that are related to IS are very basic, it feels more like a marketing course for most of the time.Quite interesting, managed to stay awake even though had her lecture in the morning.It will be simply a fundamental course for Information Systems (IS), because if you wish to pursue a major in IS, the contents in ISOM 2010 is not really on the topic. It's somehow related to marketing, but quite interesting after all!Good teacher and being nice! She gave out candies in the last lesson for thanksgiving haha! It won't be too boring for her lessons anyway!The content is completely different from other classes and if I dare say so the most interesting. It is also very relevant to us as individuals in this generation, no matter what stream you go to. If you want to know exactly what he covers, I have attached the syllabus! The mid-term and final are non-cumulative and relatively easy.

However, we are also given a LAB paper (just started recently), its not too hard but you should do well in it to get a good overall mark.He usually plays interesting Tedx or other videos relating to thought-provoking concepts or technologies. This is generally interesting.

He also maintains a very interactive class which is good so you don't get bored easily and have a chance to contribute your opinions in the lecture.

He gives review sessions before midterm and final exams. Plus gives us numerous hints about the exam (basically indirectly tells you the exam question) so it's pretty chill.Digital Economy
1. Explain data, information, and information systems.
2. Know the meaning of Moore’s law, Metcalf’s law and their implications.
3. Understand the implications of globalization.
4. Discuss the use of information systems in organizations.
5. Describe the newer aspects of working in the digital world.
6. Define ethics and describe the major ethical problems posed by the digital world.
Ecommerce
1. Describe the nature of e-business.
2. Define the e-business value chain and disintermediation.
3. Describe the basic e-business models.
4. Examine the major online marketing methods.
5. Discuss the major issues that are created by and affect e-business.
Social Media
1. Describe the key component of social media.
2. Explain the 3 features of social media authoring.
3. Understand the meaning of Tagging.
4. Explain the differences between traditional and social media.
Technical Foundations
1. Identify the major components of hardware and networking technology.
2. Identify the different types of software.
3. Describe the process in software development.
4. Discuss the trends in hardware and software, and the implications to businesses.
Big Data
3
1. Explain how organizations use data and information.
2. Explain the basic concepts of data management (data creation, sharing, mining, reporting).
3. Define database management systems (DBMS) and describe their various functions.
4. Data storage within and across organizations.
5. Explain how the relational database model works.
6. Describe how databases are developed.
7. Explain how organizations can use data warehousing and data mining for decision making.
8. Describe advanced database models and when their use is appropriate.
Business Analytics and Decision Makings
1. Discuss the problems associated with management decision-making.
2. Explain the specific information needs of managers in different functional areas of an organization, including production, operations, marketing and sales, accounting, human resources and IT.
3. Explain the decision-making process.
4. Explain the increasing roles and responsibilities of business managers as user and owner of data and the corporate information system.
5. Describe decision support systems.
6. Describe the opportunities and threats to corporate information system including capabilities in data treatment and analysis, data integrity, system security and issues in access restriction, and business contingency/continuity.
7. Discuss the roles and trend of IT in business analytics and decision making
Business, Accounting and Finance
1. Formulate appropriate information systems strategies to support implementation of business and functional strategies.
2. Use the system development life cycle to plan, design, implement, and evaluate an IT system.
3. Describe the application of information technology to various business fields including marketing, accounting, finance, strategic management and operations management.
4. Demonstrate an understanding of the behavioral issues of implementing information systems in organizations.
5. Describe how change management can contribute to successful implementation of information systems.
Technology-Enabled Business Trends
1. Identify major tech-enabled trends in near future
2. Examine impact of tech-enabled trends on individuals, firms, and society
3. Discuss business opportunities of new technologiesHe always plays videos during class
He will later mentions the main points of the videos

He will give review session before midterm and final
During review sessions, he will give many hints about the midterm and final, he just tells you the exam questions indirectly lol

you just need to study the review ppt for the midterm and finalThe characteristic of Internet, some knowledge about E-commerce and social media and stuff.
Most of them are quite common sense but pay attention to those definitions and understand it thoroughly instead of memorizing it, coz you will be asked to list some examples or explain the phenomenon.
In the lab, ethical hacking, VBA, Macro Recording and stuff, you can finish it as long as you follow the step provided in the pdf. In the examination, a cheatsheet will be provided by the prof.Xu Hong is absolutely a great teacher and she always asks questions to let us participate (my class is relatively not active, probably because it is 9 am class ). She always tells her own experience while teaching, and it enabled us a more in-depth understanding.Quite nice teacher, willing to chat with students about the lecture after class. Just normal and basic IS things. Mid term and final are non cumulative , so good ^ ^Actually  you should not expected to learn so many things from isom 2010 as it is only a fundamental course. Recite all the ppt so you would be ok for the exam.

There are a single lecture for you to review the midterm/ final material before exam.The class materials mainly covers E-commerce, Big data, and Digitalization. Lecture slides are very simple and straight-forward. There are going to be some videos shown during the class. They are all interesting and some of the exam questions are actually from the videos so you should jot-down the main points.

Lab is basically learning how to use some of the programs to do ethical hacking, simple vba and so on. Was fun but felt quite useless.The professor has amazing. He has diverse experiences in the business fields so he is very insightful.lol
I forgot.For Dr. P:
I don't know what I have learned in this course. Perhaps this prof is not suitable to me.
He has good memory so he can remember whether you have attend the lectures @@
He is willing to answer your questions but you may unable to understand the explanations again.



For TA(lab only):
Unacceptable!!!
No good at explanation. Poor at preparation. It seems to me that the TA didn't know what to teach. He often got lost in the class and needed us to give him some time to read the notes so that he could teach us. But it should be done before the class. He was not passionate to teach. The teaching were too boring even though some of the topics were fun.
But if you are not aim at learning something but just get the labs points, he is good because he is lenient.

He is willing to answer your questions but useless to me.His teaching is kind of not as useful as predicted, mainly regarding marketing instead of the technical IT knowledge.The way he teaches maybe unsuitable for those who want to learn concrete knowledge since he spends around 45 minutes each lesson for open discussion. Students will first discuss within themselves for 20 minutes and express themselves in coming 25 minutes. He praises each opinion.useful knowledge presented in a rather unvivid way. However, you have to recite all the notes before final exams.The teaching is fine, but sometimes hard to follow if you do not pay attentionA/A+ of 25%, but hard to get good grade if you do not pay attention throughout the semester. The final exams contains a lot of MCs and a bit of completion. The MCs are hard.The workload is fairly light, with only one final exam and one group presentation. No group project, no homework.Very detailed, updated course materials about the current development of information systems, including cloud computing, Big  Data, IoT...etc A good introduction to the current application of IT if you are not aware of it.Helpful, nice professor.Not much. Just attend class because she gives short quizzes every lecture. But no worries, she always allows a chance for students to recover from mistakes.

Oh, there is one major group assignment. Good members = fun and happy working and grading. Bad members = hell. It's like every other group work. Good luck.Not much. Just attend class because she gives short quizzes every lecture. But no worries, she always allows a chance for students to recover from mistakes.

Oh, there is one major group assignment. Good members = fun and happy working and grading. Bad members = hell. It's like every other group work. Good luck.This course is about basic information system, which is not very complicated but we seldom pay attention to.  Although it is a bit abstract, it can be mainly dealt with memorization, except 2-3 topics with calculation.She would tell you lots of examples to show how do demonstrate theories and principles.  She would be willing to answer your questions but sometimes  could not clarify clearly to make you understand.  There would be sudden quizzes in classes which are actually for taking attendance (just my view cuz she didn't care about what you have answered, you would just receive mark if you have done it )  Participation is needed in classes as well.  But it was quite boring.The content was interesting and not overly technical. The professor included everything on the slides. The lecture is filmed so if you missed a class, you can just watch it on canvas.The professor was very good. He spoke very clearly, and explained the concepts in a manner that was easy to understand. During the lecture before a quiz, he would highlight all the keypoints and information that may appear on the quiz. He also had a good sense of humour, so that made the lessons more fun.Very easy content if you pay high attention in class. Things are very basic and no technical skills are required. Just recite everything in the note and you will get extremely good result.Dr.P encourages people to think and discuss. So there are lots of gp discussion session every class.Basic content as this is an intro course

Digital Economy
E-commerce
Technical Foundations
Database
WWW/Internet
Network TechnologyShe hands out lecture notes for every session,provides examples on explained concept.
Some basic calculation for several topic.
There are 5 lectures for presentation slot.You only need to attend 2/3 out of 5.Topics included:
Digital Economy
E-commerce
Web 2.0
Hardware/ Software

There are always no class
5 classes for project presentations, 2 classes for industry exposure, 2 classes for quizzes, he was sick for 2 classes

Nothing to learn
There are only photos in the lecture slidesTeaching is okay but boring.
He is so hea
He teaches for half lesson, then plays video for the rest.

The teaching of TA is rubbish. You don't know what he is teaching, only needs to follow the guidelines and finish the worklecture powerpoint are easy, just a few pages. And it's so different compare to other IS prof. Btw after taking his class you might consider not to take IS as a major. The content covered is useless but at least it would be easier for mid terms and examsYou will hear your classmates talk more than he does coz most of the time he ask people to discuss then ask them to share. This usually make up half the class time. And when you find his ppt hard to understand and go back to watch lecture video, you will find that you have wasted an hour listening to him but getting nth useful written down because during his lecture he will either skip the slides or simply say the sentence on the ppt.half of the content you should have learned in the secondary schoolthe english was sometimes not clear but still can understand if you pay attention to the lesson
but some may find it boring as the professor just teaches the content and nth elseThe content is very simple. Just a very brief introduction to the course.His teaching is interesting and enjoyable. He likes asking questions. It is better to answer some questions from him in order to get a good participation grade.Very good. I heard he tend to give A to a lot of students. It is very good even though you dont really put much effort.Nothing much. Just a group project with any topics  you can think of. He give a lot of freedom. Attendance during the group project presentation is also not required.Basic e-Commerce, BI, hardware and software knowledge.
Lab is much more useful than lecture, including web development (basic HTML, php and mySQL).

You may find the course content is actually highly related to the others advanced courses.Has many extra videos and discussion.
Professor try so hard to be funny..Introduced a few theories like the High Tail Theory, etc.
Basically common sense.Students have to answer questions to get participation marks or can send IT/technology related links to professor to get the marks.

All you need to do is to attend the classes since the professor only put photos and images on the slides with minimal words and explanation. He will also test on the videos he played in class. Take sure you attend classes :D !!!

Inspiring professor who aims to shape students' minds. He is also very kind and is open to discussion.Content is not really difficult. It include a wide variety of basic knowledge.Use different examples to explain IS ideas.IS is so-called one of major with the best grade. Many students got A and B range. For me, midterm and final above for around one sd, group project is below average, A-.Two out-of-class assignment, which required us to read the same passage at the beginning and the end of the semeter. Most of the workload, excluding midterm and final, would be the project, which requires us to create a new idea of IS and describe it using IS knowledge.The syllabus is very well-designed in the sense that the topics are grouped into three to four themes, which makes it super easy to understand the logic flow within each of them. Regarding the materials, there is no required textbook but handouts, so no need to worry about buying expensive books for a good grade. Everyone is supposed to be on the same page in the beginning.The professor is very passionate in teaching students. He always moves in front of the whiteboard to allow students in different corners of the classroom to speak up, making the lectures as interactive as possible.Quite interesting especially for people with no understanding about the topics covered in class.Lecture: Just some simple non-technical concepts, spoon-fed. But I appreciate that Tat Koon was trying to make the teaching better.

Lab: More on technical aspect, like VBA. Terribly spoon-fed, totally unrelated to the course itself, go for attendance only.You will learn about what makes services such as social media websites and platforms (like this one) work - along with a lot of theories, real-life examples, and most importantly - future trends. (because otherwise you really could have read the book called Information Rules. It's a good book entailing some basic principles behind technological development and etc. You'll hear him recommending it as well)

There are also 10 lab sessions. Highly recommended not just for attendance score, but also some are quite useful, esp the pivot table.Understandably this course has to be taught by passionate and friendly instructors, because it has to be used to lure people into the major (oops).  

TK is very insistent on encouraging participation in class, so please raise your hand to answer/ ask questions.  There are also some discussions in class based on what you've just learnt and some info that he was showing (usually real-life cases).  Of course, you do not want to use these opportunities to bs because you can train your critical thinking <-- something he values a lot (just saying)

Timture teaches the lab sessions.  He's VERY friendly and very willing to answer your questions.  If you follow his instructions you can breeze through it with no problem.  Also, if you don't like hearing Cantonese accent in English, either deal with it or register in another session.Notes are not in powerpoint format, but he summarizes all the main point from the textbookI didn't understand the content at all, need to read the textbook in order to know how is happening. He remembers all the students' namesAbove mean in 2 mid-term exam and final exam, but only get B+, quite disappointed with the gradingAssignment: 3 assignment which accounts for 12%
Mid-term: 2 mid-term which accounts for 48%
Final exam: 1 final exam which accounts for 40%
Assignment includes MCQ and long questions
Mid-term and final exam only include MCQALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT ALERT !!!!!!!!!!ONE WORD- RUBBISH
ALL YOU HEAR IN CLASS IS NOTHING BUT HIS 1HR 20MINS BULLSHIT.
YOU WILL ABSOLUTELY LEARN NOTHING FROM HIS CLASS.
HIS TEACHING NOTES SUCK LIKE HIM
IF U SKIP CLASS, YOU WILL BE REMEMBERED AND THEREFORE DOOMED.
IF HE DOES NOT RECOGNISE U, BE READY TO GET BAD GRADE.
MANY STUDENTS ARE DESPERATE TO KISS HIS ASS.Basically the content is divided in to 4 parts,
1. Digital Economy
2. Ecommerce
3. Hardware/Software
4. NetworkjingThis prof is very "hea" and no heart in teaching. I would say he just earned the salary and "hea" teach.

In the first few weeks of the course, he skipped classes quite often, it seems he traveled to mainland and US. In class, just taked so brief and "hea", and showing video for more than half ot the class every lessons. Most materials didn't explain to us and say it out only.

I would say he is the poorest prof i had ever seen. Definitely, other profs of ISOM2010 woulkd have heavier workload, but they can teach and have the heart in teaching, most importantly, the grading is better. One of my friends in TK class who got minimum in midterm and final, and also do not complete the participation requirments, he got C+ finally, which is very good grade to him.Very simple and basic contents, like e-commerce, digital world, softwares, hardwares, Google and privacy policy of Facebook.
Simple stuff, care barely learn anything.
Probably it is the course problem, because all professors are teaching similar contents as it is an introduction course. But I dont think this introduction course can help any student to make a decision of whether to major in IS or not.He is nice and talk about many things not related to IS. Always give u 10 minutes to discuss with your friends and use another 15 minutes to do the discussion.Content too basic and easy...honestly not much useful...but good to know some technologies in modern world...labs give you some taste of different computer thingsquite relaxing, most of time is watching videos, just need to answer question to get participation points

labs are so easy but have to arrive on time because they take attendance with computersTopics included:
1 Introduction to Operations Management

Module I - Managing Process and Resource
2 Process Analysis
3 Application of Process Analysis - The Goal
4 Statistical Process Control
5 Quality Management
6 Decision tree
7 Linear Programming (LP) Formulation
8 LP Solver and Sensitivity Analysis

Module II - Managing Service System
9 Coping with Variability of Service Systems
10 M/M/s Queuing Models
11 Monte-Carlo Simulation
12 Service System Design - CMB Case

Module III - Matching Supply with Demand
14 Demand Management and Forecasting
15 Inventory Management and EOQ Model
16 Newsvendor Model
17 Safety Stock and HP Case Study
18 Revenue Management

Module IV - Managing Supply Chains
19 Introduction to Supply Chain Management
21 Bullwhip Effect and Supply Chain Strategies
22 Risk-sharing Contracts
23 Sales and Operations Planning

Pay extra attention to topics marked with .

The course starts off easy but ends up moderately difficult afterward. Before the midterm the course content is basically some fundamental concepts and a few formulae to apply in the queuing model part, so it should be manageable for most students. The difficulty increases after the midterm cuz it involves identifying the situation and applying the same formula (especially the newsvendor formula and the critical fractile thingy) in seemingly very different contexts. Make sure you grasp the concept well and know how to apply appropriate formulae based on the situation given.

But overall this course is pretty easy to handle if you've attended all the lessons and paid some effort in understanding the materials. It's recommended that you've taken the statistics course (ISOM2500) before you register this course to help you better understand the lecture materials. The Excel skills she teaches is optional, but you may wanna learn a bit of them cuz they're so damn useful. (You have to know how to read the Excel sensitivity analysis tho)The professor's teaching is pretty good. Though at first, she looked like a student doing a presentation in front of the class lol, her teaching became better after a few lessons. The lecture materials are very well made, clean and easy to follow. She goes through complicated concepts one-by-one and explains them step-by-step. I have no difficulty catching up the course content.No CommentTeach the concepts very clearly.
She is very nice. If you cannot understand any part of the lecture, she is willing to explain it in details.

The prof is passionate and she can show the connections between various topics(no worry, not covered in the exams).

The most impressive thing is that she is a very warm prof <3 The most benevolent prof I have ever met in UST.A very kind and helpful professor. Content is well designed to be understood easily. Having some games to allow students understand and utilize concepts learnt in class.Pace of teaching is moderate, but Prof Wang speaks a little bit fast. All class videos will be uploaded at the end of semester for revision. No attendance record will be taken. Notes will be printed and provided in every lesson.Basic OM course. Covers Supply Chain Design, Bottlenecks, Overbooking, Revenue Management, Inventory, etc.He teaches very well when he is actually talking about the content. Most of the time, he is explaining rules about games that we have to play in order to understand deeper about the OM concept. This is categorized as "in-class activity". However if you watch the lecture videos, content is all explained quite clear.

He takes attendance for students who arrive within 5 minutes after the start of class. Students who came late for more than 5 minutes are better off not coming. However, he is kind and sometimes tolerate students even though he says otherwise.

He is very kind and helpful.Simple OM Introduction stuffs
1.1 Introduction
1.2 From Strategy to Action
1.3 Strategic Issues of Supply Chain Design
1.4 Resource Allocation Decisions
2.1 Process Design and Management
2.2 Understanding Process Flow
2.3 Flow Time Analysis and Applications
2.4 Flow Rate and Capacity Analysis
2.5 Managing Waiting LinesYou will only be playing  games during class. Ronald will not teach anything regarding that topics unless some really challenging topics. The games are somehow useless yet it counts participation mark. What you have to do is to read through the book and watch the videos in order to get yourself prepared for the quizzes and exams.

P.S. The TA is not helpful and they are like not prepared for the lessons. When you encountered challenges during classes, they  also dont know how to solve the issues.It is focusing on four modules, namely Managing Process and Resource; Managing Service System; Matching supply with demand and Managing supply chain.This is a very good professor and very passionate on teaching.  Class teaching was quite interesting and I understand most of the content in class.  No laptop is allowed in class except some particular classes where the use of Excel was required.The content is quite interesting, even though i have no interest in this major but I enjoyed the lesson a lot
There are basic knowledge on operation management such as the capacity of a process, forecasting demand, inventory management etc.
Suri also taught a lot of excel formulas on how to do some forecasting and statisticsSuri is a very nice and helpful professor
He always try to include everyone in the discussion in order to make sure everyone follows
His famous saying is 'My friend...' LOL
Anyway he always emphasize on participation so he included iPRS every lesson, so dont skip lessons as every iPRS counts :)
Just that Suri teaches a bit too fast, especially during the excel teaching, so make sure you do not play with your phone and focus, and that will be fine
Suri is so funny that some students ask him for his excel skills (which is not related to the content he was teaching), he was very willing to demonstrate haha
Learnt a lot excel skills indeed lol

Besides, he has his own textbook (writen by himself) and he'll get the printing for you (pay him the printing fee will do)This course basically introduce operational management to the students including several basic models and some actual cases. The overall content is not that much but you should try to get familiar with every model and concepts so that you can get good results.Prof. WONG is a really nice professor who is willing to answer all kinds of questions. She likes to talk about lots of extra examples so that the students can understand the concept better.Content is not very difficult
Most calculations can be solved with the formula taught
Cheatsheet allowed, focuses more on calculation (or understanding) than memorisationProf is very nice
Easy to follow and understand (you can ask for lecture video if you missed the class)


you can go to any of the sessions that matches ur schedule even if you're not registered in that sessionThe content of course is very useful and straight-forward. It teaches students how to manage profits and losses. The class has an open book midterm and exam, where the material is provided by the professor for $50. The midterm and homework difficult level are ok, but the MC questions are quite tricky and requires you to understand the course content thoroughly in order to answer correctly.The professor goes through every equation and calculation method with the class. The speed f teaching is fine because he occasionally pauses and review the material.1. Managing Process and Resource: Process analysis and its applications;
Monitoring a Process using Control Charts and Quality Management;
Optimizing resource allocation and resource portfolio.
2. Managing Service System: Coping with variability of service system;
Queueing Models and Service System Design; Simulating service systems.
3. Matching Supply with Demand: Forecasting; EOQ Model; Newsvendor
model; Inventory Management; Revenue management.
4. Managing Supply Chain: Supply chain distortion and Beer Game; Achieving
strategic fit; Supply Chain Coordination via risk sharing contracts; Sales and Operational PlanningTeach very well. Nice and beautiful professor. She played some videos in class so as not to make us bored. Sometime she would tell jokes. She would tell us to prepare for in-class quiz a lesson before and the quizzes were very easy. One thing you need to pay attention is that she would distribute a questionnaire in a random lesson, which accounts for 0.5 on ur total grade so make sure don't miss it. On the other hand, she spoke quite fast in the lecture and she would make notes on the board. Make sure u copy all down and revise at home.

For cheatsheet, u can bring a 2-sided A4 cheatsheet in both exams. I recommend you to directly put useful slides on the sheet. Using a 1x2 per page cutting, u will be able to put 100 slides on the sheet and this will be enough.Topics:
Module I - Managing Process and Resource
Module II - Managing Service System
Module III - Matching Supply with Demand
Module IV - Managing Supply ChainsProf. Wang is really a nice professor.
she used a lot of videos and examples in class to explain the concepts and went through all the calculation problems.
her class is generally interesting to listen to. the course is pretty easy to handle if you attend all the lessons and pay effort in understanding the materials.Content is useful and interestingShe is by far one of the best professors in UST
Fun and very clear teaching, powerpoint notes are very well-made and clear (she even prints them for us)
No attendance is taken but I generally like to attend her class, her talking is interesting
Also very friendly and nice, answers questions with patienceThe content is quite interesting, it covers all the 4 modules in Supply Chain management. The concepts and calculations are not hard to understand.

Only review powerpoint slides and assignments are enough for the exams.

2-sided Cheatsheet is allowed
Lecture Video is available on request*VERY GOOD.
She tries to use fun examples and videos to show concepts.
She teaches everything form the basic step, easy to understand.
If you have any questions, she will be happy to answerThis course is about how to manage each sector of an operation effectively, no matter it is a project or a process. It includes some calculation by using excel. The project will be about studying a startup on how it performs in one of the teaching topics.Professor is passionate enough teaching this course. He wants to make sure all the students understand the concept not just attending the class. Attendance would be taken depends on how the class react to him and he always said, ' friends, are you with me?' XD
The course material is made by himself, slightly different from other professors'.Same as other OM courses!
Prof. Wang's course may require many calculations.I like Prof. Wang very much. Her teaching style is very clear. If you do listen, the course won't be very hard for you. She is a very nice person that will answer your questions patiently after class, and will reply your emails quickly. She will upload lecture videos and hold efficient revision session before class. Since she's from mainland, sometimes she will translate some words into Chinese during class to help us understand.

She's from NYU and she uses many many many NYU OM department videos to help explain some theories. But to me, I feel this part very boring.

Many examples are provided to help you understand the theory. And homework is well-designed.This course basically separate into 4 modules, namely
1) strategic planning and decisions
2) Managing Business Process Flows
3) Synchronizing Supply and Demand
4) Process Improvement and Quality ManagementThis is a blended learning course as emphasized by Ronald several times throughout the term. The teaching style of him is not my cup of tea. He simply put everything online and let us watch the online videos and only play the so-called "interesting" game in class. He split the class into groups of 6 to do the project at first, but at the later stage, every group had to split further into 2 teams to make up the final report. This is quite confusing to me.Actually, the content is interesting, like capacity planning, demand forecast, quality management, revenue management etc. and the course will introduce different models. There will be calculations but manageable if you understand the examples in the TB.
MUCH concepts to memorize. Be prepared for that.Ronald Lau emphasizes his blended learning approach, which actually means self-learning. To be honest, in the first half of the semester, I don't know what is going on because he didn't even explain the difficult parts, assuming that we understand everything by watching his pre-lesson videos. But situation improves in the second half of the semester that he tries to explain the calculation parts.
Also, he did include some games in classes. But these games are mostly not depending on our calculations or our understanding of concepts but luck and randomness. I don't find them interesting or useful anyway.the content is really interesting and useful; involve some logic thinking and it can help you smartly solve problems either in business realms or in some real-life situations; it is one of the very few courses where you feel you can actually apply what you learned in your life easily.
Plus there is no group project so if you hate free riders or the uncertainty of group work definitely choose this course!One of my favorite professors ever actually I guess she might the instructor I like best. Firstly, she is super nice and adorable and you won't feel sleepy in her class at all even if it's in early mornings and right after lunches. And she's really beautiful.
And she's really hardworking and helpful for office hours.This professor chose topics that should be relatively easy. Simple calculations are required, you just need to use excel for one or two assignments.

(but she is not teaching anymore)Her teaching is very clear. The accent is fine.  As the content is really easy, it is not difficult to understand what she says. However, don't skip lessons because it would be hard for you to catch up those methodologies. Sometimes there are some in-class exercises for her to take attendance, so skipping lessons is not recommended.It raised my interests towards Operation management. Ronald will give his students the tailor-made OM book, most of the exam materials are covered in the book.The professor is funny and he cares about the students. There are also games to play in class.Absolute grading. Grading is fair and can be easily monitored via canvas.The workload may be heavy for some of the students because there are in-class quizzes, online quizzes, projects, and readings. The project will be handed in before the end of the semester.Teach about some basic concepts on OM and it is a business core.
e.g. Process management, quality management, capacity planning and so on
Most topics requires simple calculating
not very difficult
each topics have a few slices (abt 20-30)Man YU is a good teacher and always help you when you have difficulties
But as content is not very interesting, sometimes it's quite boring in class
Btw ppt has a few slices, lessons always end earlier by 30 mins- Quite interesting.
- The content are not hard to understand, but you must concentrate in the lectures.
- The lecture notes are relatively short (most likely, less than 20 pages per lecture) so that revising this subject would be less stressful.
- You must pay attention in every class and jot down the notes by yourself.
- This course is mainly related to demand and supply, like how to determine the optimum inventory.
- Some calculations would be included, but not hard to calculate. There is only one formula that is applied across different chapters.
- Overall speaking, this course is useful and interesting.The teaching by Professor Cui was really inspiring. He  would not simply read out the lecture notes, instead, he would always ask us questions and force us to figure our the answers by ourselves.Heavily theory-based, concepts of operations management & a few case studies to help visualise the different conceptsVery good teaching, helpful powerpoints
Useful to take notes in lecture but not essential, Prof CUI makes understanding info about case studies very managableTopics covered in class:
Process analysis and Improvement
Service management
Capacity management
Demand management
Retail and inventory management
Quality management
A quiz is given after every topic. Exercises with relative questions are provided as well, we usually do it before midterm and final.Javad is one of the best professors with excellent teaching skills. He explains concepts in great details  with examples. He claims that he has arrogant problem but he's actually very helpful, funny and kind. Lecture notes are super organised but you have to jot notes on it, or else you will be in great trouble while you're revising. Late arrival, sleeping and talking in class are not allowed, or else you'll be scold in front of the whole class.The course is mainly divided into 2 main parts:
1) some fundamental concepts about OM
2) using those fundamental concepts in business

The lecture arrangement were quite different from Ronald's class (realized about this when I studied midterm exam with my friend o: )Prof Cui gave a really lively teaching (even though his facial expression was sometimes over exaggerated...XD) and his lecture notes were very clear and useful. He used quite a lot of business cases to illustrate the specific topic after finishing his ppt. He also delivered clear lectures, that made his lecture easy to follow.

Even though you might get all key points from his ppt, his lectures were really useful for better understandings and make your life much easier before the exams.It is good that each topic has at least one sample exercise to do in each chapter. Those samples are mostly calculation based. PPTs used in class are quite clear and easy to follow.the prof. is quite funny and he uses a lot of real-life cases to demonstrate the theories, which does help to understand. Tho sometimes the classes went quite fast can hard to play catch up, so paying attention in class is important.he adopted the new teaching format
always post many information on Canvas
though they are clear and in details, but sometimes it is hard to understand without explanation or demonstration
so you have to ask him/ta whenever you met problemshe will make jokes during lesson
make you feel less sleepy
but sometimes too rush
a bit too much games to demonstrate conceptsIt is good that most of the concepts mentioned in the lesson are supported by cases. The ppt slides are easy to follow but you have to pay attention during lesson.The instructor played videos in class which help you better understand the cases.Ppt are easy and simple long q in exams. You just need to read all the ppt and you should be ready for both midterm and final exam.Generally good, but sometimes getting too boring.Got 93% only a A-. the best part of the grading  system is, the higher mark will be counted with higher % for midterm and final.Not really big workload. But there are group work which you will need to do 5 case studying, but the content of the case study will not be graded theefore the meeting the minimum length will be fine.Lessons are organised based on real case studies of different companies. You will have a broad understanding on the operation of the well-known companies.No CommentBasically, almost all students have the same/similar marks on course work unless you have active participation during lessons.
So, your grade is mainly subject to the performance on Mid-term & Final -Exam. The paper is not complicated so that standard deviation is small. If you perform well & carefully in exam, you will get good grade.Group assignment: 6
Group Project: 1
Mid-term: 1
Final Exam: 1
The better one of these two tests will be weighed more.Quite interesting, more qualitative rather then quantitative. Business case analysis approach and useful and interesting notions relating to famous companies and innovative business models.He is a great professor, take this class with him if you have the chance! Really passionate, open for comments and questions inside and outside classShort powerpoint slides but lots of cases to study. Exam includes MCs and short questions. MC part mostly about theories while written questions are about calculation.Professor is willing to answer questions raised during class. He has an accent but still understandable. He played video when discussing cases.Participation is graded based on impression. Attendance is graded by signing on a paper.
The mean is relatively high as exams are relatively easy.We need to hand case study in group almost weekly. The final report only requires three pages. We need to record the presentation and upload it on youtube.Little content of lecture notes, need to take lots of notes but it just for memorising only.Quite interactive, as he accept any answers just need to participate in class. He will sing Chinese opera at the last lesson. He don't like ppl talking in class, heavy requirement of class learning environment.The content is relatively easy compare to other professors. He likes to use examples to illustrate the main ideas and principles in operation management. Simple calculation is required but not as much as other professors of the same course.Prof. Cui gave clear and engaging lectures. He explains the contents in a clear and detail way. However, his speaking speed is a bit fast and his accent is a little bit hard to understand, it may requires high level of concentration in his lecture.Simple statistical computations about operation and the methodologies. Students who have taken ISOM 2500 or statistics before should be fine in this course.Interesting lecturer who claimed himself to have ego problem.
Try not to be late and anwser his questions should be fine.
In-class participation score will randomly distributed by the person who answering his questions correctly.Javad teaches a lot of mathematics logic behind operational management. He teaches student how to think out-of-the-box and how to evaluate a problem in operational management.He is funny, and he likes to engage the class a lot. Be punctual and active in class. He would ask different questions from conceptual to practical ones in class. For some of the difficult questions, he would give out bonus marks.Four modules in total along with a lot of chapters under each module, but there is a main theme in each module and they are somewhat related.
Strategic Planning and Decisions
Managing Business Process Flows
Synchronizing Supply and Demand
Process Improvement and Quality ManagementRonald Lau, known as one of the Grade God in UST is indeed very good grade lol.
He always relates his own experience while teaching and always mentions about his children and his wife. A lot of so-called game in class, remember to read the notes/reading materials beforehand or else you will have no idea what is going on during the game (it happens to me all the time).The content has two main parts - operations management (before midterm), and supply chain management (after midterm).

Key topics include: capacity/bottleneck management, best practices, news-vendor model, supply chain strategies, revenue management, business model innovation.

Unlike the other professors (I think), Prof Cui's course is based more on case studies so it's really useful to read these as you can get a better understanding of the lecture materials taught.

Although there's a suggested textbook, it's not compulsory as all the content for the exams can be found in the case studies and lecture slides. That being said, the textbook has a lot of practice problems for the news-vendor model and capacity management topics, so it's useful to do these as practice for the final exam.Prof. Cui is really passionate and enthusiastic about teaching during lectures, and this is reflected directly in how he interacts with students. He is really helpful and it's very easy to approach him and ask him questions about the course content or your group project (our group sent him a draft version of our report and he helped us a lot with it).

He tries his best to keep the lectures interesting, and gives plenty of opportunities for students to participate and speak up with their opinions and thoughts. He's really friendly, and his passion for teaching is evident during classes. One thing he really hates, though, is people that talk during class and disrupt other students.Courses introducing operations management. The topic is so board so only basic concepts are included.

In his sessions, math skills is much required than other professors'.

Topics: process analysis, response time, capacity management, retail and inventory management, demand management, quality management

Supply chain was not included in this sem.Good teaching, clear explanation.

Always pretend to be angry if no on respond to his question. He also mentions he is handsome, smart, genius in the lecture, and admitting that he is egotistical in the in class quizzesThe course and notes are useful and clear, exercise are not really hard and its a great courseThe instructor explains the ideas and content clearly, her teaching is very easy to followFair grading, around 10-15% of students got A range
My grade: A
Complete all class exercises
Midterm: 53/60 (above mean >1 sd, mean around 41)
Final: 57.5/60 (above mean >1 sd, mean around 49-50)Little workload, only involves class exercises, 1 mid-term and 1 final
exams are not cumulative and we are allowed to bring a double sided cheatsheet
Class exercises: 20%
Midterm: 40%
Final: 40%same as others professor, more focus on case study and modern successful company exampleclear ppt, read the reading before go to class to get good participation markvery good grading
but also with a very high mean,
usually if you hand in the group assignment on time and include the theory he taught in the 2-pages paper, you would get full mark
attendance: randomly pick 5 lectures, if attend 3 out 5 would get full mark5 group assignment with 1 video, easy to finish when spread workload among others,
mid term and final are mainly based on MC, with a couple simple calculation
class participation: sit at front row in the middle, answer more and he would remember youThe content is quite interesting.
Case studies will be given every two weeks and I think they stimulated my ideas and thinkings.
not a lot of memorization, understanding is much more importantThis is the best professor I have ever met in UST.
He is very nice and his lectures are interesting.learning about how process are formed and how to improve the speed of it, many calculation and formula.ronald is quite funny and there will be some class activities that you must attend specific classes. But for normal class, you can still attend other timeslot class to avoid those 9am lesson, and there will be lecture video provided for you if you absent.What he teaches is easy to understand. For example, calculations are simple. The most challenging calculations will be using knowledge on normal distribution. But it still much much more easy than math course haha.His lessons are quite interesting. With case studies and useful powerpoint, it's simple and easy to get good grade.You can read the content in details from the syllabus attached.

The materials taught by Prof.Cui is relatively easy compared to that of other Professors. His materials and exams therefore put less emphasis on calculation.Prof. Cui is one of the most passionate professors in teaching. He is kind and was always helpful whenever you ask questions either by email or after the lecture. Overall, highly recommended.Very structured course outline. Easy to follow if attend all lectures in class. Has supplementary exercises before midterm and examsVery clear teaching, has a clear powerpoint for each class, no need any extra book. But has to attend every class to jot down the blanks in the powerpoint or add some more notes.I think he has a passionate heart of teaching students. However the organisation of the teaching materials are relatively unclear.He speaks quite fast and sometime it cannot be heard by the students especially when its venue is at lecture theatreThe grade is alright. Yet, the grading system is a bit straight, as almost all people get the same marks of discussion paper and presentation; and the participation marks has 15% proportion but there is no cue of how to calculateThe workload is quite light, although there are 5 discussion paper but very low standard paper will be fine.Basically, only simple calculation, not need to remind difficult concepts.
Contents:
Simple Maths linear programming, (simpler than DSE Level, no need calculation but only list out the constraints and equations)
Process Management
Little' Law: flow rate, flow time, input/output
Normal Distribution calculationClear instruction with powerpoint
instructors are current OM PHD students:
WANG, Yun Jie and Long Xiao Yang

Both are from mainland China, with a little accent,
but still easy to understand due to the clear powerpoint and simple contents.No CommentHe explain concepts clearlyHe said in class that even you have the lowest score, you would not fail.

Open book exam...but something is not mention in textbook,need to copy the missing point from pptMany things to do!! But you are working as a 5 people group.
1. Case Assignment:
5 in total
There will be around 10 pages reading material and 4-5 questions for each case.
He suggests each one finish 1 case, all of you have a meeting to discuss the case before writing it
Have one week to finish it

2. Group Project
Brainstorm a topic related to OM
2-3 mins video
2-3 pages report (actually no page limit)
Have one month to finish

3. In-class exercise (for participation point)
at least one each week
will be graded

4. Online quiz (for pa
one per week
5 questions related to the topic taught that week

5. DisThe content is very interesting, he taught these topics in the course through out the course:
1.Process Analysis and Improvement
2.Service Management
3.Capacity Management
4.Retail and Inventory Management
5.Demand Management
6.Quality Management
7.Lean Operations
Chain Management

He will go through 85% of the slides, the rest are readings that are related to the topic and you can read out of class.His teaching is very good! I would say that I am a student who cannot tolerate boring class because I will definitely fall asleep out of my control, but I have never fell asleep in his class throughout the semester. He always tell jokes in class n pride himself as "genius", "the most handsome guy in the world" etc. His class was the class I enjoyed the most in ust ever!1) Process analysis and improvement, 2) Service management, 3) Capacity planning, (MID)
4) Inventory management, 5) Demand management, and 6) Quality management.He teaches the concept clearly and give examples.
Most chapter includes calculation.
No attendance,however there are in-class quizzes.1. Business Process Analysis

capacity, bottleneck, Toyota Production system, operation strategy and product-process matrix

2. Supply Chain Management
Newvenders model, innovative supplyThe powerpoint is great as it include everythings needed for exam.
Students are required to join the discussion in order to get participation marks.Basic Introduction for the OM

But actually , Ronald Lau Class will teach FAR MORE DEEPER than other classes, the exam will be open book(given) but the MOST DIFFICULT in Isom 2700

Good luck if you choose this lectureGood teaching , detailed and quite interesting, Ronald is quite nice and you can feel free to ask him questions

Have lecture video, but only extract versionContents in OM are very practical. Topics like sensitivity analysis and revenue management is useful if you want to work in the airline and logistic industry. Overall Speaking, this course is well designedOne of the best lecturer I have met in the business school. Compare to Ronald I think he explains more concisely. He also has a passion for teaching and a hate for finance people lol. His powerpoint is very clear also.Process Analysis and Improvement
Service Management
Capacity Management
Inventory Management
Demand Management
Quality Management
Supply Chain Strategies


no CSRclear,detail explanation w/ videos& stories
answer questions( inc. via emails) really fast& patiently

encourage interaction(Sb asked sth about Iran & prof was happy)This course includes really solid and essential skills for operations. Really useful if you want a major in OM or pursuing a career in operations, either in a manufacturing, retail, financial institution, or whatever. Content in Suri's class is much less than Nasiry's.Suri is a good Prof. His teaching materials are well prepared. Lecture notes, online notes, course booklet, videos etc. Teaching pace is a bit slow compare to other professors because the scope of his class is less than others. In-class quizzes are used to take attendance sometimes.You may want to see other reviews for what the contents are...He's quite a funny person (evidence: in some of the lecture videos I heard myself laughing).  Other than that, he is very patient with answering your questions. Tip: ask him for advice (indirectly) if you want some directions in your project or if you wanna know if he's interested in your topic.Operations Mgmt Introductory Course
EOQ,EPQ, Inventory Mgmt, Demand Mgmt and Forecasting, Queuing Models, Just-in-time, CSR.......
Some basic statistics covered in ISOM 2500Funny Local guy
Local accent English, easy to follow
Lots of examples for explanation.
Better than Man Yu or other prof.There are 2 parts taught, Business Process Analysis and Improvement & Supply Chain Management. The contents weren't really difficult, not much calculation is needed. He usually taught each chapter with a case study as example. Quite easy to understand the concept.Class was interactive, he encouraged students to give their opinions and respected to everyone's answer. He often taught with cases and videos. Not much games played during lesson like other lectures. He hates students chatting in class and once kicked 2 students out of class as they kept on chatting. He said he would give them F for their grades, so you had better not to chat during lesson.Retail & Inventory Management; Demand Management; Quality Management; Performance & Process Analysis and Response Time Management + 2 other units that were supposed to be taught.
All units taught were relevant to the course and were very useful and interesting to learn about. All units were also taught mainly in relation to maths. There are no subunits within them and they are all taught relatively quickly, especially when considering how a class is about 1.75 hours long.Professor Nasiry is very witty and is very articulate in teaching this course. It helps one stay attentive in his class. The only issue would be his what it feels like demeaning reaction to when you get an answer wrong. In addition, in comparison to what I have heard from another class, he focuses more on the mathematics side of the course, whereas for the other class it is mainly group work and case studies.
NOTE THAT IF YOU ARE IN HIS CLASS, ATTEND HIS CLASSES BECAUSE HE LIKES TO REMOVE THINGS IN THE POWER POINT AND ONLY STATE IT TO THOSE PRESENT IN CLASS.There will be one in-class writing task, which you can prepare in advance. On that day, she will randomly pick from those four readings given you one week before. Also, there is a group project, which you can form your own group. One last assignment is your own essay and for sure you can ask for her advice.After attending her class, I can feel her passion. She loves sharing her reading or writing experience a lot. Before every class begins, she always chat with us. She is quite nice and friendly. Though she teaches in Putonghua, we can answer the questions or have group discussion in either Cantonese or Putonghua.No project.
No attendance requirement.
Interesting topics.Easy to follow and catch up.
Clear explanation for the content.
Encourage students to raise questions during classes.Poor grading.
Mid-term mean
Final: 55/60    (mean: about 49)
got a B only.Not much.
Just a few very very short assignment every 2 weeks.
Few in-class exercise for participation point.

Participation: 20%
Every 2 weeks assignment (less than 10)
In-class exercises. (less than 10)

MT: 40%
40 mcqs. (each 1 points@40)
2-3 short questions. ( @20)
Only cover the topics taught before MT.

FINAL: 40%
40 mcqs. (each 1 points@40)
2-3 short questions. ( @20)
Same format as MT.
Only cover topics after MT.Topics include:
Process Analysis and Improvement
Service Management
Capacity Management
Inventory Management
Demand Management
Quality Management
Lean Operations
Supply Chain StrategiesWorst Lecturer in my life
Worse than Rubbish
He doesn't explain any details, only talk about some short stories or some examples that do not help
Lecture notes only include keywords, there are also many typos.
He uses some easy examples to explain in lecture but use the most difficult questions in exam.
Don't expect you can learn so much as most of the time you learn nothing and you need to revise by yourselves.The course gave a systematic survey on the theory and implementations of quality control and management activities for different industries. Half with theories and half with calculations. Overall the content is easy-understanding.The professor explained his points quite clear. Most of time have to fill in the blank in the notes. But he provided lecture video so attendance is not a must. And the TA really helped with the topic involved calculations. So highly suggest to attend tutorial.The course is well structured. The content is simple, with the minimum math involved. Quantitative part and qualitative parts are about 50-50.Very clear explanation although sometimes could be boring. Lecture videos were recorded and you don't have to attend the class. The professor is very nice and responsible. You can always go to his office or email him for any kind of question.It has a good balance of quantitative and qualitative content, and is at a level appropriate for an OM required course. Its content is quite broad, encompassing both product and service quality (so it’ll be useful for a service-oriented place like HK).

Just make sure you brush up your basic statistics concepts (eg what is type 1/ 2 error, what is z-value) before he starts talking about statistical quality control.Prof. Cheung teaches in a very straightforward manner, and is a very nice professor as long as you don’t mind his looking a bit emotionless (sorry lol). Angel (the TA) is also very patient with answering your questions.-Overall is not difficult. Just  need to be focus on lesson and jot down notes.
-syllabus cover both qualitative and quantitative matters.
maths problems are not difficult(as long as you understand the concepts)
-Prof. provided a lot of real cases for us to understand theories. I think the course is quiet useful to understand how to manage goods/service quality among different industries.-Prof Ki Ling is a very nice. He is welcome to all questions and answered you patiently. (even silly questions)
-Our class was 9am lesson. so he provided lecture video(so not many students present in class)
-He also gave us coffee break during lesson time.
quite relaxing lesson atmosphere
-TA sometimes very rude when you asked her questions(seems your questions are silly). But going to tutorial would be useful as you could do ex. and asked her immediatelyQuality Management Tools and Philosophy
Quite similar to what you have learnt in ISOM2700
More emphasis on statistical toolsProf Cheung was very lenient and did not take any attendance. Since it was 9am class, the attendance rate was actually quite low. You can just simply watch the lecture videos at home, which is totally fine. What he taught was straight forward and easy to understand.

The TA explained the advanced concepts very clearly and shared a lot of exam tips. She was passionate to answer questions from students.The content is very interesting and informative and as a required course for the OM major, the content taught is very applicable and useful for other OM courses.

Some of the key topics in this course include total quality management, statistical process control, service quality, reliability, process capability, and acceptance sampling.

There are also three cases covered during the semester, as well as two simulation games.Professor Cheung is really nice, friendly and helpful during class. Although the class was at 9 AM this semester and not many people showed up (the lecture videos are posted on Canvas), Professor Cheung was still really enthusiastic and clear in his teaching.

The tutorials are also very helpful and are conducted by the TA. In the tutorials, you get a chance to practice some of the mathematical theories learnt in class and the TA covers everything at an appropriate pace for the students.Interesting.
There are 3 big section in the course. Intro to quality, implementing quality and designing,managing and assuring quality.

Prof has also provided some cases for us to read and for the project.Clear and straight-forward. Always ask if students are clear for a certain topic. If you speak Cantonese, feel free to ask him questions after class in Cantonese.
He is nice. He knew some students may not want to attend the late class, so he will provide lecture videos right after the lessons ended.If you are not good at mathematics, don't reg into this class.
The content is highly related to mathematics about probability, and the models introduce are quite difficult.
Some integration and advanced math are required, if you are not prepared for this don't study this course.I think Mike tried to explain the model, and he speak well too.
But the problem is, the content in the class are too difficult. So even he talked well, you may not be able to understand the content. Better read reference book or wiki if you really want to explore these contents by yourself.

btw all lecture notes are distributed in class(not uploaded to canvas), so you must come to class to take the lecture notes.calculation of probabilities based on some theories, not difficult to understand, but quite complicated, so follow the instructor step by step.The instructor shows every step of the reasoning, but sometimes it's a little bit boring. He will call students' name unexpectedly.no A+, but fair A range. The contents are not easy, so the mean of the exams are quite low. I got 1.5SD above mean and got an A-.A-The workload is not big. Only 3 homework and 2 exams. But you may need time to review and understand the contents.1. Combinatorial analysis
2. Axioms of probability and conditional probability
3. Discrete random variables
4. Continuous random variables
5. Joint distributions
6. Properties of expectation
7. Dependence measures
8. Ideas of Bayesian decision
9. Limit theorems

********** Knowing how to do integration is a must for this course, though not written as pre-requisite.I like the teaching style because the course proof-base, like many MATH courses. Students can understand the concept through proofs and apply it somewhere.

Lecture notes can only be obtained in lectures. That means, attendance is needed.The course content started with easy stuff like permutation and combinations. After that it went crazy. Joint distribution and whats after weren't easy at all.
Goes into details for most of the distributions (normal etc.)Lecturer is nice, explain context and answer questions clearly.Part of the course overlap with the prerequisite ISOM2500 e.g. Normal and other distribution but in a deeper level. However, content after midterm will be a bit more difficult but you will totally understand if you attend all the lecture. No attendance will be taken but then you need to get 10 participation cards throughout the semester in order to get the 10% participation cards. Many chances to ask and answer question but I hate people asking meaningless question in order to get the cards. If you have studied M1 in secondary school, you can understand the course better.
P.S. This is an required course for Quantitative Finance UG and electives for OM.I must said instructor matters a lot for this course. I have heard that people who took this course under a different instructor and the result is quite...... Those who have taken her ISOM2500 will know her teaching style and it is very similar. If you don't understand, please ask as she can explain your confusion quite well. However, the TA is quite useless. Tutorials are optional and I have never been to it. Mostly give some hints for assignments but useless =[The probability at the beginning is easy. However, starting from discrete random variables, the difficulty increases. Joint distribution and expectations are the most difficult part which requires some of the proofs in examinations. Also, you need to learn multivariable calculus first since this course requires the knowledge of multivariable calculus though it is not the pre-requisite.
1. Combinatorial analysis 2. Axioms of probability and conditional probability  3. Discrete random variables 4. Continuous random variables 5. Jointly distributions 6. Properties of expectation 7. Dependence measures 8. Ideas of Bayesian decision 9. Limit theorems: All sections.He teaches very slowly since he explains each section in great details. However, it leads to some of the content haven't been introduced.In fact, not too many Phys calculation is needed for this course. Also, it's better to score high marks in midterm as it's quite easy. Yet, the difficulty level of final exam is extremely hard. And the s.d. is about 1.5 in order to have A range score.Teaching is a bit boring. It's better to skip lessons.Interesting topic about DPRM(Dynamic Pricing and Revenue Management), unlike other OM courses, more quantitative content would be covered and need a deep understanding about the logic and methodology of each model.Great professor, you can ask any questions regarding to course materials and he is very happy to answer. Unlike talking by the book, would go through lot of examples to make this course easier understood.The course covers the fundamentals of revenue management, including topics such as market segmentation, pricing models, markdown management, capacity planning and so on. The course content and the cases provided are heavily interlinked, so you have the chance to read about real-life/practical applications of the concepts learned.Prof. Nasiry is a super engaging and interesting teacher, and he makes sure to explain the content very well during his teaching. Although he does go through some of the sections a bit quickly (which can lead to some confusion), he is very helpful if you approach him after class with any questions. I would also highly recommend consulting him about your project idea and methodology, as he can help you a lot and he provided my group with useful suggestions as to how we could go about doing our project.Interesting course about dynamic pricing strategy and revenue management, from simple excel solver solutions to complex MNL regression model. You are required to read the case and get prepared before attending each classNice and funny professor while teaching quite fast. Willing to answer questions during class and after class. He have good memory of those students frequently asking him questions or answering his questions. About 15% of grading is depends on how active you are in class.Networking basics. Not hard to handle if you have very basic knowledge to computers and internet networking. Even if you don't, instructors and Google provide adequate resources to master the content.Percy explains the slides thoroughly with excellent drawing/diagram/metaphor. He covers essentially every questions on midterm and final during the classes so if you attend classes and pay attention, they shouldn't be hard.

Tommy demonstrate pretty much everything you need for assignments during the labs and very helpful on any class-related inquiries.The content is very interesting. As a business student and never having learnt anything about networks before, it is quite easy to follow as the instructor is amazing. It covers a lot of interesting topics such as CCNA networking, making a cable, IP addressing, a lot of knowledge about IPV4 version and a little about IPV6. It is a good course if you want to learn something new and really bridges the gap between computers and business. Overall, it is an interesting course.The teaching is really good as long as you go to EVERY class and listen to him carefully.

He explains everything very clearly and it is very clear to follow him. At the start of every lecture, he asks questions about the previous lecture for around 10 minutes and then we learn the new course content. You can ask him the same doubt over and over again and he is very patient with you. You can approach him easily and he is a FUN teacher to have. One of the best I have had so far! :DThis course is about how data is transferred in the network. It is very easy if you have basic idea about networking. It is very simple and straight forward, you just need to understand the content and just memorize very little is enough.

The content are most likely focused on IPv4 and the data format in different layer. It could be boring if you already know.

Here are the chapters and topics that are included in this course
Exploring the Networking
Network Protocols and Communications
Ethernet
<mid-term>
Transport Layer
Network Layer
IP Addressing
Subnetting IP Networks
<final+quiz>
IPv6 Address (not included in the exam and just for students who are interested in)Percy teaches very good and he always ask do we have question after a few slides. If you don't want to ask in front of the class, you can ask him during the break. He always use his "girlfriend" to be an example and it help us to understand some concept easily. Also, there are sample question of the exams and he will do revision with us. If you understand the concept in the lesson and attend the review lecture, you should know how to do the exam question.The course is designed to introduce students to Networking basic which covers contents related to IPv4.

Simply put, we learn how data are transferred from one computer to another.

Although the content is not really hard, it can turn out to be really boring. However, Percy delivers it in perfect manner.I would have gotten lower scores in this course if Percy did not teach this course. He is really enthusiastic about teaching.

Although he provides lecture video upon request, it is highly recommended for you to avoid missing classes.The course covers topics such as basic networking, Ethernet, and subnetting to name a few. There are six modules in total, three of which are taught before the midterm and three of which are taught after the midterm. The content builds upon previous topics learned, so it's important to understand the fundamentals so that you don't get confused in the later topics. The complexity of the content does increase in the later topics, however it's manageable as long as you go to the lectures and understand what Prof. Dias is talking about.Prof. Dias is super enthusiastic and engaging in his teaching, so it's very interesting to go to lectures and learn. He also makes sure that all the students are following along with what he's teaching, and he makes the lectures very interactive so that students are engaged.Content is easy to follow and not too heavy.


You begin with lighter content and a brief introduction to different layers of network for first half before going in depth into networking in second half of the semester.Teaching was excellent. Professor makes sure that a short break takes place during lectures where you can clarify your doubts if any before he resumes his lecture.The course is about how network works by teaching the OSI network model. Common internet protocols are also included like the TCP/IP suite. Things like functions of different internet devices(hub, repeater, switch, bridge and router) will be covered before the mid term.Percy is a nice and friendly professor who encourages questions a lot. Although I'm not quite adapted to his style of teaching, I can still feel his passion to teach and that he feels responsible to his class. He gives his number to the class before the exam so people can get to him without scheduling an appointment.Interesting contents, you will learn the basics for networking, though not useful unless you are going to take advanced networkingProfessor is good enough to make sure you know everything you need for the exams. Sometimes, he also brings up interesting topics not included in the exams. Overall, he is one of the best professors in HKUST.the course is interesting and i learnt a lot from this course. Things are related to CISA exam, therefore, it is very useful if you are going to take the exam.Percy is such a good professor that he makes everything clear and interesting. And the questions he gave us really helps us to answer the questions in exam.Everyone is doing too well. Therefore, the grade cannot reflect how good a student is.Besides, mid-term and final. You have to go to lab and do assignments.topics include:
Basic networking knowledge
Networking Protocols and Communication
Ethernet
Transport Layer
Network Layer and IP Addressing
Subnetting IPv4 Networks
IPv6 Networks (not examine in the examination)

This course is also designed to prepare students for the CCNA certification.Generally, the pace of his lesson is not that fast and it is easy to follow. However, it is a "must" that you need to attend the lessons in order to understand those networking concepts and there are lots of notes during classes needed to be jotted down.

Before the mid-term, i always skip the lesson and after releasing the mid-term score, i felt regret of it...

Percy is also a quite nice person that he is very humorous during class and he would try different ways to make you memorize the concepts easier.

Overall, he is awesome!This course uses a case approach. You will have eight cases to read throughout the whole semester. Most of them are very quantitive and technical, involving many OM concepts that you should know e.g. Just in Time, Queuing Model. Be prepared!Easy to understand and quite organised. However, he didn't teach much and expected that you had already developed an in-depth understanding of the OM concepts. He would just recap the key points. Don't register this course if you are not an OM expert or passionate about OM stuff.The course is basically occupied by case studies, there is a new case every 1.5 weeks and every team have to do a 3 page write up for every case. But each group only needs to present one case for, say so, 45 minutes. Plus a final presentation on a selected topic of Best Practices, and an open book quiz. After the course, you will learn how OM tactics like Solver, auction, queening model and others can be put into reality.As said, this is a case based teaching, so SEEK GOOD TEAMMATES in the first place. While doing the case, since there are no so called "model answer", so it is up to you to dig very deep or submit superficial answers. Therefore, this teaching method suits the self-motivated ones.

For the presentation, if the presenters did everything right, the prof will use his remaining lecture time for supplementary information; and if the presenters get something wrong, the prof. will always give the the "recommended" way to solve the case problem, so you can always learn the "best practice" in the industry.

One thing that I super love about the professor, is the speediness of assignment marking, he usually mark our assignment within 4.5 hours of submission, this makes sure our memories are fresh before receiving any feedback. And the quality of marking is very adequate given the time constrain. Students will know which point they made are tacking the problem and of which are inappropriate. Overall, the motivation of student, teammates and the professor composes a very good learning experiences.The content of this course can be divided into two main parts. One is technical part, such as ERD, Normalisation, SQL. One is just knowledge part, such as concepts of Data mining, Database Administration. For me, I think the diffcult part would be the technical part. Drawing disgram and Writing programming is actually quite hard for some students since business students are generally not good in this aspect. The concepts learnt in ISOM3210 and 3230 would definietly be helpful in dealing with this course. The course content is actually quite useful when you are dealing IT related jobs in futures. (Personally, I think it would be better to include more topics about open source database.)

SQL should spend the most time to learn. ERD and normalisation just be careful of the logic behind and some minor stuff.Muller and Chris taught the content is a quite good way. Although attendance is not required, they suggested it was good to attend and I did agree with them. It would be better to listen to what they said in lessons. There are something they would explicitly mention during lectures and tutorials. (You will know why it is so important when you are doing the project.) And they are really nice when it comes to answering your questions in project and exam content.This is an introductory course in SQL. If you study ICT - Database module in HKDSE, you can nearly skip most of the class.

What we learn in class is useful for lab and exam. Extra stuff learned during lab session will not be examined.

Useful for understanding in database managementMuller and Samuel are very good.

Muller's class is very useful because he won't waste time to say anything that is out of the course requirement. He always hit the main point and he will provide useful examples for us to follow. Even if you never learn SQL before, he is very patient and willing to answer your questions.

Samuel is a very nice TA. He is super helpful and will stay with us to help with our project even when it is out of lab session. You can always find him easily in LSK G005. HAHA~Very useful course. SQL and database design kind of link content from ISOM3210 and ISOM3230. It ran a throughout process from planning and execution. Overall speaking very good courseBoth Mueller and Chris are very passionate and well spoken. Especially Mueller is one of the nicest and helpful lecture I have met.The content is rather simple. It focused on Web 2.0 in the first bit, and open source after the mid term, which is a little more difficult. It also taught the relationship of social media to web 2.0, and gave a lot of examples like crowdsourcing, crowdfunding, wikipedia, mashups and so on. It was quite interesting and manageable, but you would need to remember all the slides to handle the exams. There were a lot of key terms and concepts you might need to memorise, and those required in the exams would be provided to you beforehand with a study guide prepared by the professor. There was also quite an amount of reading materials, some of which were required in the exams.The professor has a weird accent, it is hard to understand. He is not a really helpful or caring guy. But he can deliver the lectures in quite a humorous way, so you may not feel too bored. He would give demonstrations and explanation to the reading materials. Lecture notes were also printed for you, which was great.The course is about social media so the content is very relevant to daily life.The professor tried to make the lectures as interesting as possible. He uses many everyday life examples to illustrate the concepts, so it’s easy to understand the materials.The content is quite easy to handle that it is all about social media and some details about Web2.0. It is quite interesting.I seldom have lesson, but the professor is quite funny. He makes use of the video and powerpoint to make the lesson funny. However, as I have this lesson in summer semster, the teaching speed is quite fast that one week one examination.The content is not difficult at all. Contrarily, I think it is quite interesting and easy. The content is all about Web 2.0 and people's interaction in Web 2.0 era.Teh is a funny teacher and he will try to use an interesting way to teach, though his accent is quite strange. Besides, his teaching materials, especially the articles are adequate supplement to his teaching content.It is a summer course. Therefore, the course is quite intensive. The content is not difficult at all and it is quite easy.Teh is quite a good teacher and always try to use a funny way to teach the students. However, his accent is quite strange.The grading is great. My project did not do well (just mean). But I get a good result in midterm (above mean almost 1 sd). My finally grading is AIt includes a midterm exam, final exam and a project. The professor will provide a study guide and the questions on the exam is based on those guides. For the project, if you have good teammates, it should be no problems.The course teaches about Web2.0, where web users are contributors of the web. You can definitely learn some new stuff in this course without the content being too technical.Professor is pretty fun, he often jokes during lectures. His accent may be hard to understand for some. Need some time to get used to it.

Videos and some extra readings are used in lectures to make it less boring.This course is mainly about web 2.0 and social media. The content is easy to understand but there is quite a lot of theories to memorise.He is funny, make jokes during the boring lecture. but tbh his accent is a bit hard to understand.Assignments 15%
Project Presentation 10%
Two Project Progress Reports 5%
Mid Term 25%
Final Exam 45%

easy assessments (e.g. create an account in twitter), midterm&final are based on the study guide he distributes before exam.
Part I: 40-50 MC questions
Part II: 2-3 matching questions  
Part III: 4-5 short essay questionsVery light workload. no attendance is taken. There is only a short presentation needed.The concepts are actually not difficult but Professor does not go deep into the explanations during lectures. Hence, I have to prepare quite a lot for the mid term or final. Both mid term and final consist of MC, short essay and some matchings.Jack is an interesting instructor. He made jokes and his accent is super funny. Therefore you never find his lesson boring. Also he uses different media to illustrate concepts in order to let us to have a better understanding.Content is easy yet interesting. Exams are well made and professor releases a study guide before the exam. He actually sticks to his study guide during the exam, i.e. the questions actually resonate with what Professor TEH tells you to revise.Prof TEH makes the classes interesting. He brings in interesting case studies and real-world examples.
No attendance requirement (apart from appearing in your own final presentation...), and a lot of freedom on the final group project, for which he gives you lots of time.As an active user of social media, I am interested in the course. The contents are so interesting as you can relate them to your daily life. You know more about stuff related to collective intelligence as well.Prof jack is a very funny professor and he is very passionate about the lessons. He used a lot of interesting examples and videos in the class. It is easy to ask him questions too. His gesture snd way of talking would definitely impress you.The course focuses on patent/copyright laws. Therefore the class doesn't really fall into either an IS or an OM class. However, it is still really interesting if you give it a chance!The professor is a very experienced ISOM lecturer with many years of experience in the industry. Do not be afraid to ask him any technology related questions. even though the class centers mostly on law, the professor does a good job of focusing on the impact certain laws have on technological innovations in Asia/America.Course is mainly divided into several parts:
Copyright
Patent
Trademark
Trade Secret

Things are quite boring for me as I am not really interested in law-related stuffs, but things you learned from this course are quite useful in your daily life for sure.Professor has a nice character, he loves to interact with students after class. He is kind of humorous and tried to make jokes sometimes. But most of the time, he spoke in a mono tone, which made me yawn every single lesson. He has a very deep knowledge in law-related issues, and he can give many examples regarding the points on the slides.

Still, since I am not a big fan in law, most of the times I found the class boring due to his teaching style.The content is great, you learn about intellectual property law - things like copyright, patents, trade marks, etc. All really useful stuff and must know imo. However, since you need to memorize a lot (and I mean a lot) of laws, court cases and things, it can get a bit boring/dry sometimes and difficult as well. No attendance required. Just study the material but seriously, why would you not want to attend Prof. Clark's lecture? He's one of the best!Prof. Clark is brilliant! He's a Harvard alumnus, a very knowledgeable individual, a great orator and also a good teacher. You can't ask for a better professor really.It is all about copyright, patent and trademark laws in the US.The professor is a funny person. His explanation is very clear. However, the contents in the notes can be quite ambiguous. If you want to get a good grade, you have got to pay full attention in class and annotate whatever unclear in the notes.More about patent, trademarks and copyright. The topic includes cases, issues, e-commerce laws, software protection and many more. The topic may also include design protection, biotech and engineering innovation protection, semiconductor chip protection act, DMCA laws and some computer patents.The professor is very funny and his class is highly recommended. His examples in lectures may also be out for exam. There is no attendance but coming to lecture may help you understand more about the topic.   He gave a lot of cases as an example to help you understand and his examples may be out for exam.Mostly related to copyright, patent, trademark and software protection. It is not difficult as the content just cover some basic concepts of IP rights protection. You can gain a very comprehensive knowledge of IP rights after the course.The professor is knowledgeable and nice. However, the lecture is quite boring as I always sleep in the class. No attendance is needed and the professor will upload the video on canvas. So if you sleep in the class or skip the class, you can always review it in canvas.Introduction to Copyright Laws and Issues
Protecting Software Innovations
DMCA & US Laws Impact on Global Commerce
Software Protection: Patents, Copyright, Licenses
Media and Entertainment Business Challenges
Protection of Product and Design Innovations
Engineering, Biotech and Computer Patents
Novelty and Patentability of Innovations
Utility Requirement for Innovations
Non-Obviousness and the Patenting Process
Patent Process: Issues and Challenges
Recent Patent Changes & Strategic Implications
Protecting Product Brands and Identity
Trademark Protection and Infringement
Business Issues and Implications of Trademarks
Protecting Trade Secrets & Social-economic Issues, such as Computer Crimes
International Laws and Reverse Engineering
Global Cyber-Law and Electronic Commerce
The Future for Electronic Commerce and Intellectual Property Rights

COMMENT: Fairly clear and understandable for someone with no background of this subject.Prof. Clark is humorous in his classes. His pace is not too quick but sometimes it can be hard to catch up once you're a couple of ppt pages behind. He follows ppt most of the time but there are many examples and cases that are not in the ppt. Taking notes is a must in his class. Every class has a video recap so you can still attend his class without physically going. Quite a lot of readings but he doesn't talk about them much. Though he encourages people to read them all for exams. Sometimes he can be quite boring though.Copyright, patent, trademark, IP laws
doesnt require you to memorize the details in the IP laws but only to understand/ remember the general facts
not very difficult
more beneficial if your english is good (readings + essays)prof is humorous
lectures are not boring at all
easy to understand
he doesnt care if you come to class or not
provides lecture videos on canvasCovers details of IP laws - from copyright, patent, trademark to trade secret. You will also get to know case  examples of how IP laws were being applied differently.Professor Clark is humuorous but the content itself is sometimes boring. Classes are not compulsory but it helps you to understand the concepts and theories much better as the professor would provide lots of in-depth explanation in class.The content is quite boring but the pro is quite funny sometime. Some parts are pretty useful in a way that the majority of us have never noticed before attending this class. You can learn something factual in this course, not so much about math or logical thinking at all.The professor is quite funny and he provides videos on Canvas of each class for those who did not attend class. This is very good for revising during midterm and final.About the details  of the IP laws, namely copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret. Contains a lot of examples to explain the different applications of them.Professor Clark is so funny, every lesson is more than enjoyable. He makes it so easy to learn during the lesson. Plus lecture videos are provided so it eases our job in understanding the difficult concept.Mostly covering various IP protections, including copyright, patents, trademark and trade secret. Copyright for 3-4 weeks, patents for 5-6 weeks, trademark+trade secret for 1-2 weeks. Readings are assigned per week. Cases of each IP protections are mentioned in either lecture notes or readings. Content is useful and updated, but a bit boring.I constantly sleep during CLARK's class due to his monotone teaching. He simply read according to powerpoint, but whenever he wants to explain in great detail he might spend 20+ minutes on the same slide. Time management not really good, i.e. rushing through notes when we're a bit behind and often late for class.The course covers a wide range of Issues concerning IP rights, very often if not always aided with several case examples which the professor will discuss with and explain to the class. IP rights covered include copyright, patent, trademark, trade secrets + a few smaller topics like chip mask. It is quite informative and a great experience for those who are interested in topics this field.Professor Clark is very knowledgeable in this field and always welcomes questions from students and would even devote class time to discuss questions raised if he finds it interesting enough. His delivery is very good and clear, and is very friendly and approachable. You would not normally see the TA other than at exams and paper checking though.The content is excellent.  We learnt about patent, copyright, trademark, trade secrets etc. which were all very useful and gave us a comprehensive introduction to business protections for innovations .  However, as all materials were taught in 2-3 months, it was a little crammed.Professor Clark's teaching is excellent.  The class is riveting and full of intellectual interactions.  He makes difficult concepts very easy to understand.  You would not want to miss his class even though he won't take attendance.  If you do not understand the class or would like to ask him more about issues related to what is taught in class, he is more than willing to help you out.It is all about copyright, patent and trademark. One may find it not that boring if one is interested in law.Though the professor tried to make some fun, it was still quite boring after all. He talked about ppt slides in lessons.It is quite good.

Individual Assignment (20%)
Mid Term (30%): T/F+ 1 essay
Final (50%): many T/F+ few essays

The overall grading is quite good. My mid term is below mean for 0.5SD, my final is above mean for 0.2SD. And I don't know my performance in my homework. I got a B- finally.I think the only workload is the individual assignment.
There are some weekly required readings. But I will say these readings are not that "required" if you are aiming a B/B-. Lessons are not that "required" as well.This course deals with laws - mostly copyrights and patents. This would be helpful for business students who want to get basic knowledge about copyright or patent.The lecture is a bit boring. Not many students come to the class to listen. The professor uploads ppt and required readings to the canvas.The content is quite interesting indeed.
Talking about the stories of different events about technology.

And I am having more understanding towards the internet related products, like how they can succeed in a short period of time.Professor is not native english speaker.

I think his teaching is fair and I did enjoy it actually.Not too difficult, teaches copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret (making up the protections for business innovations. Can be learnt without much effort.Can be very repetitive but overall good lecture notes and teaches well. His voice can be quite dull at times, however, and sometimes it makes it very difficult to pay attention in class.This course introduced Intellectual Property Laws in US. The contents were easy to understand, but, my classmates and I always found grey area of the laws, and this was what Clark always said.The professor was extremely well educated with several degrees in different disciplines. He was good at telling story, the bed-time one. I appreciated how he prepared many jokes for the class. However, his voice was too deep and dull to me (in fact not only me, but also more than half of the class), I felt hard to concentrate in class.

But if you are interested in the course topic itself, then I do not think you will face the problem I encountered.Patents, Copyright, Trademark. That's all it's about. Not very useful knowledge in daily life or non-law related careers but at least professor tries to spice things up by including a ton of real life examples.Very nice and friendly professor. Likes to tell stories and does it well too. The shame is the nature of the content is too dull to begin with but considering that he still does a good job.Copyright Laws, Patent Laws, DMCA, Trademark, Trade Secret, and E-Commerce

A lots of examples and applications of these laws in actual life scenario, and apart from laws, Clark also taught some basic business tactics in lectures.

Suitable for those want to engage in innovation and want to know how to protect their innovation, or how to use laws to steal others' innovation.I slept again and again in his lecture, and before midterm exam I already no longer go to his lecture because of his monotone and boring slides, do all the reading material is enough for exams or learning the whole content.
Also there should be lecture videos provided.The content seems relevant in various types of IP law. Patents, copyright, and trademarks are laid out in an easy format for studying throughout the class.The teaching is interactive, but very powerpoint based. You can get by in the class by only watching the class recordings, as those are posted for each course.No final exam! However, three cumulative "quizzes" that are basically exams. Also, there is a final writing assignment that is due at the end of the term.The workload seems rather low. He says that the course readings average around 18 pages, but only half of the class actually does it. No attendance!- History of e-commerce
- Internet services and mobile apps
- Porter's five competitive forces
- E-commerce business models
- Online retailing
- Online services
- Business model of google, netflix, facebook
- Social marketing
- Mobile and local marketing
- Crowdsourcing
- Privacy and Information Rights
- Intellectual property rightGood teacher ! She is nice and friendly to her students and also remembers their names. She also like to discuss issues about e-commerce with her students and open to suggestionsIt's all about the history of Internet Commerce. As a non-business student in DSE, I was clueless about how most business works when I first got into SBM.

The course gave me a lot of insights of how big tech companies work nowadays. Like Amazon, Google etc.

The professor also talks about how many companies failed in the dot-com bubble, also the history of the technologies nowadays, like how the telegraph or the telephone act as the main means of communication in the past.

The course talks about a lot of concepts that have been / will be covered in other ISOM courses. The concepts include Long Tail, Network Effect, First Mover Advantage etc.

There is also a project which doesn't have a strict guideline so you can choose whatever topic you want as long as it is related to the class concepts.The professor is nice, he likes getting responses from the class, but it won't be counted as attendance. He sometimes like to make fun of the students, but he is nice (and quite hilarious in some aspects) in general.

He likes to use videos and documentaries in his teaching.

He also prints lecture notes for the students each class, which is very non-environmentally friendly but nice of him.

He doesn't mind people skipping his lessons.Topics covered in this course are useful and fun to learn. It includes some review of ecommerce businesses out there, techniques, principles, and strategies being used in the industry. Pretty relevant basics if you want to start an online company.Teaching is a bit boring, reading through the slides. Skipping the class won't matter as long as you have the slide.The content is quite interesting. It talks about the evolution of information technology and application.
not too difficult :)!He is a good professor which teaches well with heart. Although it may be a bit hard to understand his english, his lectures are interesting. And always end class early.The content is quite interesting. It talks about the evolution of information technology and application.He is a good professor which teaches well with heart. Although it may be a bit hard to understand his english, his lectures are interesting. And always end class early.The course mainly covers about :
- History of e-commerce
- Internet services and mobile apps
- Porter's five competitive forces
- E-commerce business models
- Online retailing
- Online services
- Business model of google, netflix, facebook
- Social marketing
- Mobile and local marketing
- Crowdsourcing
- Privacy and Information Rights
- Intellectual property rightThe professor is really nice and she likes to ask the students opinion about things related to the course and she appreciates all of the answer. She is also very helpful if you have something you do not understand.The content of this course is quite simple, which is about e-commerce. Development and business cycle of some of the famous companies like Facebook , Tencent are also taught.The professor is quite funny and he explains concepts clearly. At the beginning or the end of almost each classes, he will introduce some news articles about that topic. Some  of the articles will be examed, so make sure to pay attention when he is explaining the articles.The course is on topics of e-commerce and innovation with specific terms explained with help of case studies of various companiesHe is a good Professor,actually nothing much to teach in the course and its just basic stuff,he is interactive and explains things wellSince its not a tough course grading can be competitive, scoring 1 sd above mean throughout the course in all exams and projects should ensure A range, however messing up one of them can bring you down heavily to C,But the course is really easy to score. Just be careful with Presentation as I feel prof has a soft touch for korean girlsNot much of a workload, just follow the study guide given by prof and study for 1-2 days and u will get a good scoreI think the topics are interesting. If you are slightly interested in internet technology, you may discover and learn a lot. Also, the topics are easy to handle.I think professor's tone are a bit weird but not a big problem. and the professor is welcome to answer all questions.I think the grading is fair. I think most people get full mark in their assignment and the midterm mean is not quite high. As long as you do homework and study, you won't get a bad grade.The workload is quite light. Assignment and projects are not that difficult and the professor will release a study guide before exam. All the topics included will be shown, just study all the topics there and go to the exam:)The content is well prepared to initiate students to the internet revolution. I found one or two concepts very useful. For those who already have an idea, it might be boring.Good teacher overall. Lectures are interesting. try not to miss the lectures. A lot of questions are from lecturesIt's indeed an easy course. I do not have any background in either business or e-commerce. Yet, I can still catch up with the content.Jing is a really nice professor. She remembers all the students faces and she uses various media to let us understand the concept. She opens to any questions. And she replies email promptly.ISOM 2310 is an introductory course to learning about e-commerce. As it is a common core course, the professor taught some basic economic principals as well (such as Porter's Five Forces), and relates it to the current topic. We also had a section on several successful e-commerce businesses (Google, Netflix) and learned how they started, how they operate, how they gain their revenue, etc. It's a great introductory course for people with or without business background to learn about e-commerce.The professor is very nice and very open to suggestion, feedback, and questions. Given her background and experience in the field, she is able to explain the technicalities in e-commerce in lieu of just the business side of it. Her teaching style is a mix of lecture, PowerPoint, and videos, and she tries to converse with every student. If I remember correctly, she knows the names to most people in her class. She also gives review sessions during the lectures before the exam, and provides a study guide with key points to study from, too. Understand the role of Internet features in shaping e-commerce
 Know the history and background of Internet
 Understand the evolution of e-commerce from its early years to today
 Learn to analyze firm’s competitive environment by using Porter’s five forces model
 Know the key components of e-commerce business models
 Identify the major features and trends of online retailing and services
 Understand the business model of search engines such as Google
 Understand the business model of content providers such as Netflix
 Understand the business model of social network sites such as Facebook
 Understand the capabilities of the search engine marketing
 Understand the capabilities of the new social, mobile, and local marketing
 Recognize the main ethical, social, and political issues raised by e-commerce

MEMORIZE ALL THE WORDS IN ORDER TO ANSWER THE ESSAY TYPE QUESTIONS, OTHERWISE, YOU SCREW UP.SHE WILL ANSWER YOUR QUESTIONS AND SHE IS VERY KIND.
SHE IS A PASSIONATE AND GOOD TEACHER, BUT SHE DOESN'T GIVE YOU A GOOD GRADE EVEN IF YOU SPENT EFFORTS.Super basic vb and vba knowledges, and actually the things you can learn in lectures are useless in daily life. If you have programming knowledges before, the course will be easy to you.Almost everything will be covered in the lecture videos. You can learn almost everything by yourself with the help of the lecture videos and materials. You can greatly complete the course without going to lectures.About VBA programming.
And how to construct user form,
looping, if and else statementVideo lecture is so good
TA is willing to help, Olivia is so good and supportive. She is gorgeous.
But beware of minor things, the midterm exam is all about minor things. One space will lead to a different answerIt covers most of the technique of VBA, as well as practical example of using VBA. You can really get a grasp of the VBA language, provided that you attended all of the lectures and lab, as well as completed online lectures and quizzes. VBA is useful in reality. You are encouraged to enroll in this course.Emphasize on Blended learning: combing lectures, lab, online lectures, online quizzes, in-class exercises, personal and group projects. Lots of ways help you to have a fully understanding on VBA. Online lectures are offered before the lectureThe course covers many useful techniques of Excel VBA applicable in business. Comparing with COMP1022Q, this course makes it more relevant to business students and gives more emphasis on application.Clear and detailed explanation in class. You should have no problem understanding all code lines by attending every lecture and listening to him. He is friendly so you can always ask him questions.As its name implies, this course mainly covers materials related to VB and VBA. The first part will be covered in the midterm examination while the second part will be covered in the final examination which is not cumulative, Assessment is simple, mainly midterm, final and project with ~15% for easy online quizzes and online discussion forum.Teaching is nice. I found the blended-learning be quite effective which you can first watch a video about the upcoming lectures and discuss online with your peers then participate in in-class activities for better understanding.A blended learning course, meaning you will need to watch video lectures. In 1 week, 1 class will be used to watch the video on your own (no need to come to class) and the other class will be used for reviewing the video lectures and doing in-class exercises (group). After watching the video lecture, you will need to answer questions in the online quiz (3 attempts).

You will form a group in which you will work with throughout the course (for the in-class exercises and the group assignment). The in-class exercise will be given and submitted from Google Classroom. Some of the questions will be similar to those in exam.

Lab is somewhat useful to practice your programming skills. Do come to the lab sessions as there will be 2 lab demonstrations throughout the course. You will then need to show the TA how your program works.

Course materials:
1. Visual Basic
- Data
- Input/Output
- Conditional Statements
- Looping
- Arrays
- Methods
=== MIDTERM ===
2. VBA:
- Class and Objects
- Excel Objects (Workbooks and Worksheets)
- Range Objects (Cells Manipulation)
3. Business Applications:
- Data Manipulation and Validation
- Implementing Formula
=== FINAL (non-cumulative) ===

Every class before the exam, the professor will go through the types of exam questions as a guideline to study.

Overall, the content is very appropriate for students with no programming background.The professor makes sure everyone understands the materials and is willing to answer your questions. In class, he sometimes ask question to random students. Even though it is okay to not get the right answer, try to listen to what he is saying and be prepared for his questions. On the class before each exam, he gives guidelines, which I think is very useful as it clearly states what will be tested in the exam.A course about very basic VB and VBA programming language.

This course is designed to train students to understand programming, in particular business applications programming. Students will learn why we need to use programming in their professions and why they build business applications, how business applications influence business workflows, how programming could be more beneficial and useful in business applications, and so on. Students will learn basic programming syntax and structure, and how to build basic business applications using high-level programming languages.Blended learning - only a class for in class exercise(not counted), video lectures.Very useful content and the depth of VBA language is not as deep as Comp1022QJames is nice and he will teach the class through video lerning.As long as you hand in the online test on time, you will get the point. Moreover, the projects are easy. You can just follow the the instructions given by the project menu and you can get full marks.The workload is acceptable. You are required to watch the lecture video every week and finish the online test on time. There will be 1 mid term and 1 final exam.Common programming language:
Data Type, Input/Output, Conditional Statements, Looping,
Array, Methods
For VBA excel:
Excel objects, Range objects Date Manipulation and Validation.This is a blended-learning course.
(which means that your need to watch the online video  
  yourself before going to the lessons)

Usually, only 1 lesson in each week.
During the lessons, it will focus on concepts and there will be in-class exercise.
(I suggest to attend the lessons because the exam  
  questions are usually extracted from in-class and   
   FB discussion questions)

For lab, it is a must to attend because it is a way for you to practice on typing code. and Timture is a very good TA, very funny and nice.It is called Internet Application Programmig, but everything is about Java programming. The contents cover everything from very basic things. Even though there are no prerequisites, the professor recommended us to have any programming experience before, and I also recommend it too. I took this course after COMP1021, and felt the level of this course not too difficult and not too easy.Quite good. The professor speaks very clearly, and explains everything from very basic things to a little bit advanced things.This course intends to cover Internet applications development through programming (Java Programming). Major topics include object-oriented development approaches, advanced GUI building blocks, networking and database connectivity and so on. Students will learn and practice a high-level programming language for the implementation of practical Internet applications.

After this course, it would equip you with the basic skills to write a java program.Generally, it is necessary to attend the lesson if you are BBA students without strong programming backgrounds.
The lessons will help you with your quiz and the lab will help you with your assignment and group projects.concise and comprehensive, covering the basic issues of java programming, like basic syntax review, polymorphism, javafx, exception, thread.humorous and relaxing teaching style, a bit of slow. Talking slow but concepts were skipping fast, not easy to catch up.fair enough, I got bad grade since my first assignment got major compile error(50% deducted in 15% course grade), mean score of assignment is around full mark, quizzes are around 17/21&15/22, project is meaned 8x% which is fair for the limited time.
I got mean scores for 2 quizzes and 95% in group project. So I could get a D/F if I had a mean score for group project LOL.compress the fundamental knowledge of java/javafx to just 1 month to learn is just time-saving and a kick-start to your programming learning process. In other words, this is painful for those who has no experience in programming.This is a possible course students can take to fulfill IS Major Requirements. Please be warned that the title is extremely misleading, as there is little emphasis on the Internet and instead heavy emphasis on Java programming, starting from absolute basics to object-oriented programming, JavaFX, text IO and exception handling.On Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, lectures are from 10 AM to 3 PM with a lunch break from 12 PM to 1 PM, and tutorials from 3 PM to 5 PM.

ZHENG, Rong is a kind-hearted professor who engages the students well, making side conversations in the break. He also knows the subject matter well. However, he teaches rather slowly and could do with more emotion.

CHOI, Timture is a humorous TA who engages the students even better than the Professor in that Cantonese is spoken frequently in lab sessions coupled with many jokes. He definitely knows the subject very well and teaches straight to the point.The content was actually very well organized as compared with other classes. Lecturer goes very systematically according to his slides and the textbook is well-aligned with class content.

However, there is a lack of exercise given by lecturer in class which makes practice for complicated contents inadequate.The teaching style of professor is very orderly. There is always an explanation to every line in the notes and the professor will not skip any parts and always ensure his students pay attention in lessons. His major pet peeve is using the mobile phone in class.mainly about R coding and statistical analyzing, quite interesting if the course is not this difficulthe has a pretty strong accent and he goes through everything way too fast but I think his teaching is not that bad
but his powerpoint slides basically include anything you need to knowA very applied and practical course which doesn't really focus on the theoretical aspect. Doesn't require rigorous mathematical manipulation. Business students should find it useful.

(Note: Content differs from professor to professor.)

Descriptive Statistics
     Tabular and Graphical Methods
     Numerical Method
     Association between Variables
Probability and Random Variables
     Probability
     Discrete Random Variables
     Continuous Random Variables
Estimation
     Sampling Distribution
     Confidence Interval
Hypothesis Testing
     Z-test and t-test for Population Mean
     Z-test for Population Proportion
     Chi-square Test for Independence
Simple Linear Regression
     Least Squares Estimation
     Visual Tests for Regression Assumptions / Residual Analysis
     Coefficient of Determination and Correlation Model
     Hypothesis Testing for Significance
     Prediction estimates
     Analysis of Variance (ANOVA)

The course may start off very easy but as it progresses, the level of difficulty increases exponentially. Thus, don't undertake this course too lightly simply because of the seemingly easy beginning.Kris is a very enthusiastic professor. She explains the concepts in details, and she encourages active participation in class by giving us chance to raise or answer questions. One thing I really like is that she likes "wrong answers" in class, which certainly helps us avoid making the same kind of mistake again in the exams.

I highly encourage u to attend all the lectures to have a better understanding of the course materials.The teacher taught us some basic statistical information using Python2.7. So when we are obtaining knowledge on ISOM2500, we are studying  some programming skills at the same time.
Therefore, the class allows us to use computers to learn ISOM2500, which is the first time. However, the ISOM part occupies a small portion than the other lectures.The teacher is very famous and skillful. He is also a very kind man. We treat him as our friend. The professor will even have coffee with you after class to chat with you and answer your questions.
The teaching assistant is negligible.The content is quite light and if you have gone through mainland high school, it is not very difficult. Mostly concerns statistics. There are no assignments, projects, but attendance is required, and he might do some small games to take attendance.Professor Zheng is very nice and he is always willing to answer questions after class. There are many interactions in class and he often encourages students to ask whenever they are confused. Although sometimes it makes the course quite boring for repeating the same concept, it might get everyone to understand the materials.The content is very similar to IB HL Math statistics option. Simple statistics in the core section is also covered.

I think it could be quite difficult to those without any stat background because some of them really need deep understanding. If you don't understand the beginning part, you cannot understand the rest. So don't miss the first few lectures.

Also, make sure to remember all the glossaries and terms. Some jargons are quite confusing but you have to understand. Concepts like the difference between sample and population can be quite confusing if you don't pay attention!

Random attendance (really matters at the end due to small std)Du lilun is ok - he is not too bad but not that good either. But he will answer your questions pretty well if you ask him. The presentation really helps you to revise so make sure to have a look at it.

To me, the teaching was quite boring but to some of you the pace might be slightly fast.It's about statistics which M1 students may have benefits on this. All the lecture content is in powerpoint.He will print out the powerpoint lecture notes for us, which I think it is good for us to drop notes. His pronunciation is not so good, but you will figure out what he is saying after a period of time. You can choose to ask him questions in mandarin after class.Mostly about R studio(Programming).
English is impossible to understand.
If u are year one student and have no background respect to programme , better quit this lecture.Better skip every lessons to save time for your http://assignments.As u would get nothing after attending the class.Better buy the book and google for the codes u need.The first few topics (for the mid-term) are very similar to the M1 curriculum, where you learn topics such as:
- Probability
- Confidence Interval
- Random Variable
- Sampling Distribution
However, the mid-term also covers new topics, including covariance.
As for the final exams, you will learn about linear regression and hypothesis testing.The professor is very willing to help students, and is usually available to have appointments with to ask questions. He also holds optional tutorials before the exams and provides a lot of practice questions that are similar to the exam question types.
However, some may find his accent difficult to understand. Additionally, he may avoid more advanced question types (e.g. MBA level questions) that is provided in the practice questions, as he doesn't think it's necessary for us to learn it, which may limit your learning if you're interested in statistics.
Overall, a pretty good professor.Not the best course if you don't have any background knowledge on statistics. This course not only teaches you general statistics, it also teaches you the program R, which is basically coding for statisticians. If you don't have any knowledge of stats, it will be a little difficult to learn both R and statistics.This professor's english is really not that great. His accent is very strong, and there are times when I really cannot understand what the professor is saying. He also just reads off the powerpoints and doesn't add much of his own knowledge. The powerpoint slides are straight from the textbook, and although he says that the textbook is online, only the first few chapters are. I ended up studying with the textbook, as it explains concepts better than in class.The class content is very adequate. R studio is widely used for Information System even in SNU in Korea.His teaching is very adequate. Although his level of understanding is quite higher than us, he explains us why things happen in this way and such.His grading is very adequate. Although we had to ask for re-check for some assignments, his grading overall was very good.The workload is very adequate. The seven assignments that we have for a semester was very doable and challenging for the first year students.just some easy and useless business statistics knowledge
just like DSE M1 but M1 one students don't have any advance at all, coz the course is so easy  and its actually a test of careless or not.the pronunciation of the professor is difficult to understandYou do not need any programmes unlike other professors. However, the content will be harder as you need to do the calculations and need to understand cross topics (materials from before mid term to final). Which means that you should pay a great attention to get a gift of grade.Du Lilian is a very good professor who can make appointments for private consulting and tutorial. You can even just go straight to his office to find him without appointment.content itself is not hard. However the professor does not go deep into each concept and his ppt is quite vague.Difficult to understand his teaching - not only due to his accent but also to his vague powerpoint slides. His material focuses more on practical questions which may make it difficult to those who did not get the concept.pretty easy
Introduction
Graphical techniques
Numerical techniques
  Probability
Conditional Probability
Discrete random variable
Covariance and portfolio
Continuous random variable
Sampling distribution
confidence interval
Hypothesis testing
Simple Linear Regression
Curved patterns and transformation
Regression estimation and prediction
Regression diagnosisThe professor is trying to explain every concept clearly.
His pronunciation may not be so good, but after listening to it for a while, you can totally understand it.its actually quite easy, some are a bit difficult especially the later lectures.TEACHING
u must attend all the lessons so u will know about the lecture notes.. his notes are too simple to understand whats going on..2 midterms: 20% each (20 MC)
1 exam: 40% (40 MC)
Midterms and exam are easy, so most people can get high marks.
Grading for three assignments are very high, very easy to get high marks.
-Cheatsheet is allowedworkload is very light. there is only 3 assignments, 2 midterms( all MC) and exam (all MC).
u must attend all the lessons so u can get some participation marks (5%) because he randomly gives out in class exercises 5 times which records ur attendance (and of course he will not tell u which lessons will have in class exercise).R language. Using R to make the information clearly. He will teach with a book and the book is useful.He is a nice person, very willing to answer questions.But if you wanna learn some theory maybe he can't explain very well.
His English is in a very very very Japanese style!! So at first you will find it hard to catch what he was talking about in class.LIKE DSE M1
Graphical and Numerical Techniques
Probability
Conditional Probability
Discrete random variable
Covariaance and portfolio
Continuous random variable
sampling distribution
confidence interval
NEW STUFFS
Hypothesis Testing
Simple Linear Regression
Curved patterns and transformationMr Du is passionate on teaching, he included course review in ppt to help us summarize what we have learnt
He  understood students' difficulties, like you could freely choose which section you would like to attend and not required 100% attendance .
He kept repeating so key concepts each lessons which could help you understand those materials more.
He sometimes made jokes.easy content
very easy to understand.
al the concepts are simplebad english
his english is not very good, so hard to understand
mr du is a kind teacher, he will answers all the questions. Many times lessons will end earlier.Normal things are covered no special things are includedAverage not boring but not too interesting, I think James is already better than most of the professor in HKUSTAll you need to do is attend all quizes in regular lecture which is only a 5 MC and it is open book and computer, with a final score lower more than 2 SD I still got a C-.I thing the amount of workload is acceptable, they can done in groups and the amount or assignment is adequate. Is is safe to say that there is not much assignment.its actually quite easy, some are a bit difficult especially the later lectures.u must attend all the lessons so u will know about the lecture notes.. his notes are too simple to understand whats going on..2 midterms: 20% each (20 MC)
1 exam: 40% (40 MC)
Midterms and exam are easy, so most people can get high marks.
1st midterm mean: 16.9/20
2nd midterm mean: 16.3/20
Exam: 35.1/40
Grading for three assignments are very high, very easy to get high marks. it has to be done by a group of 3. each assignment has around 15 questions( some with subquestions)
Assignment 1 mean: 45.5/52
Assignment 2 mean: 57.8/60
Assignment 3 mean: 59.2/60
I think most of the groups can get full marks, so if u want a B, u must get a good score here.workload is very light. there is only 3 assignments, 2 midterms( all MC) and exam (all MC).
u must attend all the lessons so u can get some participation marks (5%) because he randomly gives out in class exercises 5 times which records ur attendance (and of course he will not tell u which lessons will have in class exercise).-Practical knowledge in business field
-Basic statistics
-Those who studied M1 in HKDSE will get advantages
-Topics covered: Confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, probability, covariance etc-Professor Du is nice ,funny and patient
-Notes are well written
-One disadvantage is you may not able to understand his accent
-Tutorials are useful
-need to take attendanceCausality
Prediction
Regression
Probability
Uncertainty
Hypothesis test

Use R programming language to do all the data processing, it will be a bit hard if you don't have any programming experience.The Japanese accent when the professor is speaking English made his words really hard to understand......
I think he does not explain the theories well, many classmates have lots of questions during and after class. Instead, he focused a lot on the syntax of R language, which is relatively unimportant because we can actually search it online by ourselves.It is all about R Studio. However, the exam does not include the coding, just only the proof of some probabilities. He only uses the last few lessons to teach the content that is tested in the final.he tries very hard to teach us, but no one understands. It is quite fast for someone don't how to use R.Learn more about using "R" and social issues instead of business cases. There are a lot of examples and concepts in class which benefits me a lot. Only in the last few lecture notes are really related to business statistics while in the beginning, most of them are focusing on social science issues as compare to some of the social science courses in other college.Strong accent
The notes are what you need for the class, the notes are useful for both exams and assignments.
Some of the concepts are harder, don't miss those classPractical, gives a solid foundation of business statistics with a decent depth. Those who do not enjoy programming like R probably prefer this lecturer because he emphasizes a lot on interpretation rather than actual programming, as he only provides introductory JMP lab session which is also optional.Passionate and willing to go great length in helping out weaker students, albeit his unique accent.Business statistics.
different plots to demonstrate the data like box plot, scatter plot etc.
confidence interval.
the central theorem.heavy English accent...
He will use many examples in class to illustrate the concepts but not very good at explaining complex concepts clearly.1. Midterm 40%: two quizzes testing Part I (20%) and Part II (20%) respectively.
2. Final Exam 40%: covers Part III & IV, which will also be multiple choice format.
3. Assignments 15%: three sets of homework assignments.
4. Participation 5%: take 5 random attendance by doing simple quiz

as long as you do the work and review well, grading is goodquite small. little homework and if you skip the classes it's also enough if you read the textbook and ppts and review before examsIf you didn't studied M1 in DSE, you may think this is difficult to understand. You need to review/ watch youtube video to learn them.accent is strong
main point of ppt is open cloze, you need to attend the lesson to know the ansstudents are too talented. the mean is very high.

participation mark for students who ask question or answer question in the lessonsonly 3-4 homework (before quizzes and final)
homework is from the question of practice quizzes/final

quizzes/final are MCs, no LQ

quizzes/final is similar to the practice one that the prof give us

some lessons have experiment to do to take your attendance.If you have studied DSE M1 before, you have already known 70% of this course. Although the new knowledge is quite abstract, it is still possible to get good grade if you follow the instruction tightly.The powerpoint is very organised and inspiring. Zheng is a nice and patient teacher and he is able to teach in a logical manner. He always welcome questions after class, during office hour or even via email. One reminder: DO NOT MISS ANY SINGLE LECTURE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Some materials are similar to the syllabus in DSE M1, which includes normal distribution and confidence interval. After the mid-term, the content became more calculation-based and difficult to understand.

His mid-terms and final have more intuition type questions, like asking you some concepts or examples he taught in class.  

Topic:
1.Data and Variation
2.Probability Model
3.Association between two random variables
4.Normal probability model
5.Sampling and sampling distributions
6.Standard Errors and Confidence Intervals
7.Statistics Hypothesis Testing
8.Simple Linear Regression Model
9.Regression DiagnosticsDue to his accent, sometimes it's difficult to understand what he is saying(at the beginning),albeit  you will get used to it.

He does not allow students to leave the classroom during lecture. He will stop you and ask you the reason.

His ppt that is clear and you need to attend the lecture to fill in the blanks on ppt. Stay focused during lecture. If you are found playing phones, he will come to you and ask you questions.

Teaching is interesting. He uses lots of examples and experiments.Basically statistics and mathematics
Many definition
Not many requirements on application in real life
Maybe too theoretical and basic to be usefulProf. Du's English is bad and too Chinglish.

I would suggest native English speaker not to enroll in this course.

But if you would like to make appointments with him to ask questions you are confused with, you will find actually he is very nice and patience.

Though sometimes many local student always chat in the class and show no respect to him, he never loses his temper.

If you are not focus on the class and try to figure them out after class, you can seek for Du's help because he is just very kind.Kosuke Imai, 2017, Quantitative Social Science: An Introduction, Princeton University Press.

Chapter 1: Introduction
Chapter 2: Causality
Chapter 3: Measurement
Chapter 4: Prediction
Chapter 5: Discovery
Chapter 6: Probability
Chapter 7: Uncertainty

From 1~5 chapters are mostly relate to the introduction of  R language.
From 5~7 chapters are relate to the concepts of business statistics.Hard to understand what the professor said because of the strong accent.
Final examination is unrelated to the content he taught so students had to study by themselves for the final exam.Before the mid-term, the materials were similar to those being taught in DSE M1, which mainly includes normal distribution and confidence interval.  After the mid-term, the content became more calculation-based and difficult to understand.

For his mid-terms and final, compare to the other professors, there are more intuition type questions, like asking you some concepts or stuff he taught in class.  So if you don't like calculation, I think he would be a good choice for you! (BTW all the questions are in MCs) :)Although his accent was quite difficult to understand at the beginning,  his teaching was quite interesting.good introductory course about business statistics.Professor Zheng really teaches well. He encourages participation in class and is always willing to answer questions raised by students in class. The teaching speed is moderate in my opinion. And he tries to explain things really clear with typical examples and data. He use jmp in class but we're not required to use it. By the way, jmp is really useful in data analysis.The professor demonstrated statistical techniques by using R language. The content includes dealing with business and social problem. The course helps us to know more about data analysis with real data and social experiments.Strong Japanese accent but still able to understand what he's talking about. It's rather clear when showing the demonstrations.Frankly speaking, I don't think it is an ISOM course... we learnt lots of R programming code rather than the statistical knowledge, the focus was misplaced.The professor is new to HKUST so he doesn't know much about the teaching style in Hong Kong, but he has tried very hard and he always 'instant replies' to our emails. However, his accent is quite...Has to learn a program language in a platform called "R", but in fact pretty easy. The content is basically standard ISOM 2500 things.
It is quite interesting if you like programming.His English is basically Japanese. You are welcome to take his course if you are a Japanese or Japanese speaker who understand Japanese-English. To understand his lessons is a disaster for every students
Well but he is indeed a good person and very patient to explain things. So you can understand things as long as you spend time.
After this course, I am trained to understand 70% of what he says, and I am amazed by my hard work hahahhhaaThe content is mainly about R coding and statistical analyzing. Most other ISOM2500 classes work on trivial business statistics such as sd, mean, bar charts, and so on, so in comparison, the material of our class is extremely difficult even without considering the R coding part. Since the professor it a Japanese, many of its contents are statistical concepts mainly focused by Japanese researchers. Also, the analysis we do in the assignments mainly focuses on social science and economics instead of actual business practice, and I guess this is because the professor is actually from the ECON department (not ISOM) and he used to teach at Hitotsubashi University (which focuses on social and economic studies) before he came to HKUST in 2017.The Japanese professor is nice but his heavy accent is a huge problem for understanding. Also, what he mainly do in class is reading his lecture notes and reciting what the textbook says. Yet, he is actually a nice person and is willing to answer your questions and is never impatient to repeat his answers several times. If you pay a lot of attention in class and ask him questions after class, you could probably understand his teaching (though I tried to and failed).Topic including basic stats and probability, linear regression, and big number theorem, with coding in RAll is good beside the accent of lecturer...
But it greatly effects the class experience...
btw, he is very kind and willing to answer your question

/

If you smart enough and talented in programming, you may learn by reading slides only, it's enough to deal with this classEach lecture is about 1-2 cases, then based on the taught principles or models, R programming will be shown.  Not easy to begin with if you don`t have knowledge about coding. But if you want to learn R, which still has its place in the field of data analysis(yet will be gradually substituted by Python), you can try.The accent is one barrier. But the instructor is nice.business statistics.
1. normal distribution
2. t-test
3. probability
4. hypothesis test
5. regressionDespite his strange English accent, he was a responsible teacher, he will answer your questions whenever u asked him publicly or privately.Expect the accent of Mr Du, he taught really well. The latter content is more difficult. The content is totally different according to different professor. For example, I know that a Japanese instruct rue taught C language.Mr Du is very responsible. He is willing to answer any questions regarding the courses for us and he is always very patient.Basic statistics topics, mainly probability, confidence interval hypothesis testing and regression etc.
Some topics covered M1, so it benefits those who studied M1 before.
The content is useful for business students.
Calculations involved. (not difficult if you have studied for exams)Professor Du's accent is hard to understand. It takes time to understand. I get used to it after a month. It is better for students to ask questions using Mandarin after lessons. However, some concepts are not well-explained. So it also takes time for students to self-study after lessons or before the exams. Notes will be distributed in lessons and also uploaded to canvas.
He is a nice teacher, who is willing to answer students' questions after lessons or through emails. Most importantly, he will purposely finish lessons 10-20 minutes earlier for students to ask questions. But for those who don't have questions to ask, it is good to have lunch earlier. In fact, the content of this course can be learnt through Youtube videos. So, skip lessons is perfectly ok. But barely in mind that there will be randomly attendance taking (totally 5 times-including 2 games played in classes).
The best thing of Prof. Du is that there will be practice question given to study exams. The practice questions are very similar to the real exams. So, by doing and fully understand the practice questions, it is enough to survive in exams. Detailed solutions will be uploaded to canvas.Some materials about confidence interval and probability before midterm. It would be great if you have studied M1 in secondary school before.
Hypothesis testing and Regression are covered after the midterm, which is a little bit confusing to me. Yet, you can always check out videos on YouTube to help your understanding. The course is well-organized and easy to follow.
There are 3 in-class quizzes in Professor Du's lesson. All consists of only 1 MC. Very simple. And there are 2 games included in the lesson. Make sure you take them because it's for taking attendance!Professor Du attempts to explain the concept very clearly. Yet, his accent is pretty hard to understand. Need to get used to his funny English. Even some locals asked him questions in Mandarin. He is nice and patient to answer your question after lesson. He even has review with the whole class one lesson before the midterm and final and holds tutorial if you have any questions regarding the exercises he sent you.It is all about R console.R console is a really useful tool in statistic. In my opinion, I benefit a lot from learning it.Professor is nice. He really wants to give us knowledge; however, his English is not clear, so I can not really know what he was talking about in the class.assignment 70%
final 30%
If you try hard to do the homework, you can get full mark, but I mean, you need to try really really hard. In terms of final, it's all about statical theorem and you don't need to write R, which I think it's a little bit weird because I learned R for the whole semester but final ended up testing different things.
As for me：
assignment 70/70 (mean is around 63)
final is not released
And I get A+Extremely heavy. You need to hand in an assignment of R every two week. To be honest, I nearly spent five hours figuring out the coding for every assignment.To be honest, the content was actually exciting. You get to learn about data analyzation through computer program (R),  making predictions based on historic data sets, and how to manipulate the data to obtain what you want.

The only problem is that you can learn them even without attending to the lectures as self-studying with slides actually turned out to be more efficient than participating in lectures.Although you will see that he is an intelligent researcher, but he is not good at presenting his knowledge to students.

All he does in his class is repeating what's written on the power point.

I'm giving him D because he at least shows efforts to make developments through feed backs from the students.Fair.Prof Du has Chinese accent but he actually teaches quite well if you can understand his words. Since ISOM2500 is basic stat so actually you can go to YouTube to learn the same things (which is easier to understand personally saying).

Prof Du teaches sooooo efficiently. Every lecture, we can leave 10-30 mins earlier so it is good if you have to rush for lunchUseful content on how to understand and manipulate statistics. For Du's PowerPoint slides, he usually covers the formulas, but you don't know how to derive it unless he mentions in class( he might just skip it sometimes) or ask the ta. It is like dse physics, where you just simply substitute the data into the the variables in the formula. For stat, there are differences in sample or population, so don't hesitate to ask Du or the ta for clearer understanding or you will gg in the last chapters.Du is really a good teacher despite his interesting accent. He always guide you how to do the exercise. Also he will held extra tutorial(optional) before midterms and final to solve the practice questions he posted on canvas. TA is very nice and helpful (for locals, he says Cantonese), so make an appointment to ask them if you are confused.i havnt learn any of it in secondary school but the content is quite simple if u can understand it . YouTube has many videos to help you.I like dulilun so much but his teaching is objectively a C.
Even YouTube videos are more clear than his lecture.
And his accent is brilliant.
But he is willing to answer students questions.refer to the syllabus. Basic stat stuff. But it will not be too hard.Although the accent of the prof. is not too great, he is very passionate in teaching. Anyway, the accent is not a problem, at least you will understand what he want to say (and you will be used to it).The content is useful and can be applied to many cases. However, it is a bit complex and mathy, which could be bad for some people.Pretty damn funny guy, hes clumsy and retarded at times tho. Good bants overall. A well-rounded and solid teacher if anything.10% - Participation
10% - 3 Group Homework Assignments
40% - 5 Bi-weekly MC Quizzes, Best 4.
40% - Final Exam

For participation, just sit near the front and raise your hand and stuff. Even if you don't raise your hand every class, as long as you consistently sit at the front, he'll probably recognize you.

For the homework, buy the book! The answers are in the back of the book, you should easily get at least 90 marks on the homework.

For the quizzes, it is open LAPTOP, so download all the PDFs and just find the right example and apply it to the question in the quiz.

For the final, it is also open LAPTOP. You should almost definitely download all the PDFs and get any other materials you need to be offline.The occasional group homework and a 5 MC quiz every other week. Nothing out of the ordinary tbh.Topic:
Data and Variation
Probability Model
Association between two random variables
Normal probability model
Sampling and sampling distributions
Standard Errors and Confidence Intervals
Statistics Hypothesis Testing
Simple Linear Regression Model
Regression DiadnosticsProfessor is very passionate about teaching, and is very nice as he takes the time to get all his students involved.
But it may take a bit time to understand and get used to his accent
His explanations are clear
Do not skip lesson, you won't be able to understand by only going through the ppt slides
He will only provide answers for the examples during classes
Ppt slides on canvas are without answersstat and a little bit probability included, no python or nay programming  for his courseJames is fun, yet sometimes it may be a bit boring when there is case analysisi think the grading is so nice
i just got around mean, but i got a A-
take the best 4 out of 5 quizzes and finals as most important grading criteria.

GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMES GO FOR JAMESwith light workload
all quizzes and final are mc questions only
group homework onlyDescriptive Statistics
-Mainly high school stuff like mean,mode
Probability distribution
-M1 stuff
Simple Linear Regression
Just taught multiple regression but didn't test for final exam
Content is usually not cumulativeStrict professor stares at people using phone
but good teaching
Always gives clear explanation of concepts and develops them in orderly manner
Pay careful attention to what he says usually tested on exams
***BTW He knows everyone's name in class
I asked him a question once and he already knew my name (never talked to him before)I read both DU's and Kris Pan's notes. Pan pays attention to understanding, thus there are a lot of content explaining the concept. DU's note, however is more practical. He lists the terminologies and formulas clearly, which is very useful when you're going through notes.
Both assignment and practice questions Du offered are really useful. Exams are based on practice questions.He speaks bad English so even locals ask question with mandarin. I didn't get used to his English until 3 weeks later.
He explained the idea very well however, because he really give a lot of examples on class.Since this class is entirely teach through the use of python better to have some basic knowledge. It will give an important advantage compare to the rest of the class with no python basis. It is reallly interesting the idea of teaching business statistics throught computer system as it gives an grasp on what you could expect later in IS major courses.
You will review all the statistic math basis and learn how to create simple linear model.
This class content is close to a data mining classes.The professor has a deep knowledge on Python, he will be able to answer all the questions and problems encountered while using python.The whole thing is about Python. While it is quite interesting and useful for IS/ engineering student, if you are not familiar with programming language, stay aware.The professor is very passionate about the subject, but he always get things wrong and delays the whole teaching progress. He knows what he should do, but for some reason, it takes him quite a while to process the right command. Oh, and he was never on timeIt's okay, every class's file will be post on canvas, he would put videos on it, too.No recommend if you want to learn more about business because he was basically teaching programming.It's just okay, you need to work very hard if you want to get A range. But seriously, it's different for students who haven't learned anything about python.4-5 assignments, which were group jobs. And midterm is not difficult. But final was really hard so you need to put a lot of time on it.It feels like a COMP course to me because the professor uses python to teach. It was all about programming using python.The teaching is okay but what I did most of the time is just copying what he did on the computer.You can get at least a B as long as you have done all the assignment and get a mean score in the midterm and final.There are four to five assignments which you can choose to do it in groups or on your own, it is easy to get 100 in the assignments. The midterm and final work in a similar way yet more challenging as the questions are more difficult.The 1st part covering Probability etc. was okay. The subsequent parts covering Linear regression, P- values were horrible. Being a student who has not done these topics before, it was very tough and confusing.It is very very hard to understand what the professor speaks. Not recommended.Not much about statistic but pythons
and this is really difficult for someone who is not familiar with computer or programming, and it is quite hard for us to catch up with the course.
If you are not good at computer, don't reg this professor.Very relaxingart 1:
Descriptive statistics
Probability
Random variable

Part 2:
Sampling
Confidence interval
Hypothesis testing

Part 3:
Simple linear regression

The content of part 1 is the advanced of DSE core mathematics.

Confidence interval is the content of DSE M1.

Other are the new thing.

M1 students may have advantage in second midterm.Some people may think the professor's accent is weird? I can't agree more. Even if I went to his lecture without absence for even one class, I didn't understand any concept. What I can do is google and google and actually the ppt on google is quite clear and covers all the points. So that's it.
What's interesting is the professor canceled one class for the birth of his child.(That's cute:)))))))Part 1:
Descriptive statistics
Probability
Random variable

Part 2:
Sampling
Confidence interval
Hypothesis testing

Part 3:
Simple linear regression

The content of part 1 is the advanced of DSE core mathematics.

Confidence interval is the content of DSE M1.

Other are the new thing.

M1 students may have advantage in second midterm.I guess the professor is mainlander.
His english accent is weird. It was hard to catch up what he was talking about.
If students could understand his accent, it would be good to attend his lesson.
Once I listened to his lesson, he could explain the concept fairly,
However, I didn't listen to him anymore and skipped lecture.
On the other hand, he is a nice man. He is willing to answer students' questions.No CommentTeaching is quite good, often ask questions so that students can understand. But the pace is quite fast.Assignment 10%
Quizzes 40%
Final 40%
Performance 10%

If you actively answer the questions in class, you will get one participation card every lesson. Also, it is strongly advised not to skip lessons as the professor may conduct experiments in 2 random lessons. Participation in experiment allows you to get extra participation scores.The workload is low, there are only 4 group assignments, 2 quizzes and 1 final exam. We can bring one paper of cheat sheet to the quizzes and final exam, plus all quizzes and final exams are all MC questions. The answer of the assignment can be easily found online, so the workload is not a problem.Most of the content is covered in M1 statistics, so if you studied M1 before basically reading the notes is sufficient.Teaching is quite interesting and fun. If you pay attention, you can easily pick up what the contentMid term and final are all MC, so the mean and sd is quite high. An A4 cheat sheet is provided in both the mid term and final, so you don't have to memorize any equation. Just write them all the facts and the equation that is covered in the notes is fine.
No attendance is taken and you have to take a few participation cards by ask or answer question in lecture.There are 4 group assignment with a few questions. After separating the work you only have to do 1-2 questions.Games are the only part of content with fun.Teaching is quite interesting but too fast.Actually the number of classes I attended should be less than 10 in the whole semester, I did not really read back the notes and book. Yet, my professor allowed us to have open book as well as open emotes midterm and final, so all you need to do is to learn everything new during the exam by yourself, if you only want to get b range. daily quiz is simple but the professor seems no longer teaching.Some group assignments are required but quite easy to finish. Quiz and games are required to attend throughout the semester.Content before first mid term is quite elementary and boring (bar charts, pie charts, mean, box plots median etc); expect mean to be very high for first midterm.

Content after first mid term gets more a lot more interesting and a little harder; (standard distributions, t distributions, confidence intervals for populations and samples and linear regression). Look up for study material online (easy to find, just google). Mean tends to drop at 2nd mid term and final.His teaching is alright in lecture (not the best in my opinion but that's just me). However he is very willing to help after class if you want him to explain more in depth or ask any specific questions. Very enthusiastic and willing to explain when you book an appointment.This course teaches several most basic statistic models. They will help you to get the primary realization of the application of statistic in business world. But it won't mention too much about the reason behind the principle. It just care about whether you understand how to use it.The theories are not very easy to be mastered. Actually, it will be tough if you expect to study by yourself. But Dr.Pan is quite nice. She will repeat and explain them once and once again until you catch them. So it is crucial for your success to attend every class.Quite easy at first, mainly some basic maths concept but totally different after the midterm. It takes much more time to understand the content after than before.
Instructor focused on the logic behind instead of calculation.Very difficult to follow. His pronunciation and the distorted meaning in the materials make revision much harder to finish.Before the first midterm, the contents are all very easy. You can learn it by yourself easily. But after the second midterm, it feels like you choose the hell mode.He can remember everyone after the first class (if  you attend).He try to let every student gets involved to his teaching. You can stop him anywhere if you have questions, but if you sneak off, he will ask you questions immediately.Prof. WAN uses Python to teach statistics, making the course fascinating for those who love programming. I think it can even serve as an introductory course for programming if you dig deeper. Python is a very popular tool for data analytics these days, so it should be very useful. The assignments and exams are completely open-book and relatively easy. If you're interested in programming, never hesitate to take this course!Prof. WAN has a typical mainland Chinese accent, but it won't be a problem once you get used to it. He also makes a video for every lecture, so you don't need to attend. By the way, he is a very interesting man with a sense of humor.I think the content is relatively easy as it includes total 5 topics and 2 of them are just basic probability concepts. The remaining 3 are relatively advanced concepts on regression models which are difficult to understand during the lesson and you have to study for few times after lessons to make sure yourself know what is doing as these 3 topics are highly related.Teaching is average , but you need to take lectures as the online lecture notes are not completed version. the lecturer will upload the complete version of lecture notes after few classesHer notes are quite clear and useful for the assignments. The quizes and exams are related with the notes.Pretty interesting and provides students a lot of time to ask Qs. Having some games for the participation part and giving some prizes (usually chocolate) after the games and at the last class.The lectures are easy up to the second midterm. Between the second midterm to the final, it gets harder and harder.His teaching is fine, but you still need to revise some parts on your own; especially if you have never studied statistics before.
He hands out participation cards which would be beneficial for your marks.The course includes:
descriptive Statistics
probability
random variable
confidence interval
hypothesis testing
simple linear regressionThe lecture notes are very clear.
She is able to answer most of the question after the lecture.At first, Mr Wan's course is a little bit weird for me because he is the only professor who uses python to teach ISOM 2500. However, when you finish this course, you will find it really useful and unique. For the first month, he will teach you some basic functions of ipython notebook and for the rest of the course, you will use python to learn and solve business statistical problems. What is most interesting about this course is that Mr Wan hardly sticks to his plan, for he always leaves behind :)Mr Wan will get the notes ready before each class and he will do in person demonstration in class, so it's not to hard to catch up with what he teaches. Also, he is a really nice guy, he will patiently reply to your email and answer your questions after class.This class covers statistic concepts, calculations, as well as minitab skills.
PAN offers detailed slides and answers, which can be good material for review before quizzes and the final exam.
Minitab skills will be taught in extra lab sessions and tested in the quizzes. It's better to know how to use the software.PAN is sweet and breezy. The classes are interesting.
PAN can speak cantonese and putonghua, and she will give out chocolates for games.

PAN will ask students to ask or answer questions in class to get cards for the participation grade. And it's better not to miss the games.The content is quite simple comparing with other professors' teaching materials. Many of them involve calculation. Therefore, repetitive calculations could get a better result.Professor is nice and the learning environment is quite good.Basic statistical concepts, leading to inferential statistics and regression at last.
Basics of Minitab software is also covered by the lecturer, presumably to follow late trend of using computer to do needed calculations. Nevertheless, you are not required to know much about it.Fairly passionate about the subject.
Always eager to answer questions from students.
Cares a lot about overall mood of the classroom, hates distracters.Content is standardized.
Business core course and content was not really hard, quite similar to high school mathematics course actually.If you can understand the accent and slightly fractured English, it will be alright. Sometimes the professor doesnt explain the concept very well, but being able to compute and understanding it yourself with notes and practices will be fine.Data analysis using python (programming).
Those who have studied python will find it very easy to follow and get high mark becasue it teaches a lot of basic python code.
It also teach probability, estimation, distribution and regression, it may be easier for who have studied M1 to handle.It is not clear enough because the professor just key in some code and only explain a little, it is difficult to understand the content.Covers basic statistics

Limited syllabus (cover way fewer topics than other professors) that students without any stats background can easily fit into the course

Uses python as teaching and exam tools, it adds extra requirement on students who are not familiar with coding




Personal Comment:
It is interesting to use python as the teaching medium as python is the tool used frequently in real-life business data analysis.
Wan Xuhu is the only professor who takes this approach, all other professors stick with the conventional ways, pen, paper and calculator (cheatsheets as well).

If you have limited knowledge on coding, try to learn it or find a friend who is capable to "hard carry" you. Otherwise, you should not choose this lecture.

Do NOT rely on Prof himself or TA for coding problems as it is just very inconsistent.Despite he is a nice guy, there are trolls everywhere
He makes mistakes constantly and is unable to correct them
(Multiple mistakes are found in his solutions on practice exams)

Students can totally skip ALL the lectures but remember to check out ALL lecture notes to know the topics required then learn them yourself

Make good use of online resources like Wikipedia, Khan Academy, etc.

Do NOT try to ask him questions on coding, just Google them yourself or ask your friends
He shows little understanding on coding concepts and barely gives explanations of his codes clearly

In short, he writes bad codes
(any UST CS students may perform better than him in coding)Content is relevant to real life circumstances and course teaches you how to apply basic statistics to daily life. Also teaches how to use the Minitab software (statistics software which is more useful than Excel) for real data acquired from daily life problems.Teaching is very clear as he uses a lot of examples that helps you understand the material more. Good pronunciation and also provides detailed lecture notes. You would only need to learn from his lecture notes as it is already very clear. Teacher is very friendly and remembers student's names.The first few chapters are really easy especially for mainland students because the content is included in their high school classes.Very clear. Pan won't go too fast. She'll explain everything in detail. And she's also trying to be funny and interesting. She's from mainland so she can speak Chinese and Cantonese and English pretty well.Content is sufficient, but doesn't follow a certain book. I believe the book and supplementary information is needed to do well on the quizzes. There are 3 quizzes, 3 assignments and 5% of the grade belongs to participation in class. 3 assignments are easy because they are the practice quizzes given before the actual quizzes (just answer and show work for a few questions assigned).Professor is very passionate about teaching, and is very nice as he takes the time to get all his students involved. But it's quite hard to understand him in class. At times his explanations are clear, but other times his explanations can be unclear.Relatively simple content related to business statistics - focuses on general statistical methods, probability, confidence intervals, hypothesis testing, etc. The content is well summarised on the lecture slides, however it's not complete so it's wise to go to class because she mentions a lot of extra information in class that isn't on the slides.Kris is a really clear teacher, and she's very patient when answering questions. Although she might have a slight accent, it's pretty easy to understand her so it should be no problem trying to follow her in class. She's also really nice if you approach her before/after class with questions.Mostly about basic statistic concepts and a little bit minitab knowledge. Questions in exams are quite straightforward, but are required to fully understand the concepts. It's not difficult to follow if you pay attention in class.Kris explains every details about the concepts in class well. Her slides are well-written with adequate examples to show you how to do the calculations. But you still need to take some notes. You can ask her questions in Cantonese, Mandarin, or English. Overall she is a nice lecturer.Requires understanding of programming (Python) but the actual statistics part is not very hard. Had many classmates coming out of every class not knowing what he was talking about and copying down wrong codesProf. Wan is very humorous and nice. Teaches things outside of the syllabus and shares personal experience in the finance industry.Content is fair
PPT is a bit hard to follow because there are only little words for explanation
He did some excel demonstrations in classHe usually follows the PPT and reads aloud
English is hard to understand
Explanation not clear enough
But he is nice and willing to answer students' enquiriesThis course is prepared for students who haven't leared chem before. Since you have to pick up the whole content which supposed to be taught in high school so the course will not go through all the topic one by one. But it is easily to catch up if you attend the lectures.the instcutor always do lots of experiment during the lecture and made it more interesting and easiler to understand, good teaching sytleNon-cumulative for mid-terms and final, both in MC. Most contents relate to maths. Professor left most of the lecture notes blank, you have to attend the lectures if you do not want to miss the key points.It took me a bit time to understand and get used to professor's accent, yet he is a passionate in teaching and willing to answer your questions.Great and organized content, he has 4 main topics , each divided to 2/3 sub-contents. Content is easy to understand and required basic math knowledge.Good teacher, discipline and does not like people who play with their mobile devices during the class.He does not give A+ on any circumstances, the mean is quite high.
There are homeworks, 2 midterms,  and 1 final (non-cumulative). He allows 1 cheatsheet for every exam. Just make sure you write every formula in your cheatsheet and you will do just fine.There are 3 homeworks in total from the books.Content is comparably easy and does not require to memorise the content as it allows to use cheat sheet. All exams are non-cumulative.Good teaching, with detail explanations. If you pay enough attention during the classes, you may understand easily. Jot notes during the classes. Also, try to be more active during classes, answer or ask her questions will both help, as she requires students to get 10 participation cards. Instead, you may participate in the games, which there are 2 games in total, with 6 more participation cards to gain the 10% participation.There was plentiful content on how to get equipped for using statistics in business situations with examples such as linear regression.James had a very relaxed style of teaching and frequently included anecdotes of himself as memory devices or giving us pointers on what will be appearing on quizzes etc.content before midterm is relatively easier but those after is way more difficult and challenging, sometimes you need to try finding a solution yourself that is not taught in class.it's hard to understand everything during lectures, it would be better if this course can have tutorials.Overlaps with HKDSE M1 so the guys who studied statistics before have a great advantage. First half of the course is basically just revision for the M1 guys. Second half of the course starts to get difficult. But by doing the exercise in the book, the assignments plus a few pastpapers, there should be no big problem with tests and exams.Tries his best to explain concepts in class.

A bit of Chinese accent but explaination is still clear.

Funny Guy.

Very willing to answer questions after class.
Even more willing to answer questions by appointment.it is said to be the easiest content among other instructors in isom2500. All stuffs are taught via powerpoint, no other teaching materials are needed, twice gaming section per semester. It should not be difficult for those who have studied M1 in secondary school. Maths knowledge is required (specially in form of concepts) but those maths question in exam can be solved by equation its proved even you do not understand the concept of it at all.Pretty straight forward teaching following the flow of the powerpoint with some funny (not that much actually) examples. Really nice to those having questions to ask. So feel free to ask more questions and most of the time she can explain it better than what she talked during the lessons.Well,Quite boring tbh. Especially to those who hate maths.His accent is quite.... strange. Lectures are not interesting. Attendance is quite low (according to my observation). Self studying textbook and his powerpoint slides does work.This course is about statistic and some of the content is already learnt in the secondary school. But there are also some new and more complicated knowledge about statistic.The content is well-explained. The professor will do some of the example with you step-by-step. He is open to questions and is also an interesting person which make the lecture less boring.prof. Pan is a great teacher. Her lectures are punctual, clear and not so difficult. Shes willing to answer students' questions after lecture.The teaching pace is just about right, wont be so fast even for students with medium math bg. Its better to preview the lecture notes before lesson cause u need to ans some of the questions in the lecture note to obtain the card.probability, use minitab, estimate sample mean, analysis from the graphs,etc....clear and structured ppt.
she is nice and welcome to answer your questions.easy to get satisfied grading.
but hard to get A grade unless you get a full mark in any one quiz.
many students can get a result that is above mean since questions are strict forward.
so better not to skip any lesson since she will explain many details that are not shown on ppt.group project + quiz + class participation
group project will be easy if you have cooperating and responsible group mates.
4 group assignments. sometimes the questions are really long and clumsy.This is a course designed with very great structure. You can get to understand information system step-by-step.Typical mainland professor. Clear content but lack of humour :) She is very responsible.Not very easy to get an A or A+ I guess... But not easy to get  B or below either. The exams take an appropriate portion of the course, so you still have to count on yourself even if you have great teammates :) and the exams are quite difficult to get high marks, well at least for me.The project may require a lot of workload... Best thing is you don't need to worry about exams. Just a couple of hours of review, and you can understand the concepts. (but i still dunno how to get high marks:)Syllabus is simple and not too much.
Easy to follow and easy to catch up.Exam Questions follow the past paper he gave us .The format is simple as long as you have studied hard for the homework he gaveHe is very nice and willing to assist us when we don't understand.He offered question time before final exam .Basic business statisticsProfessor James has more of laisse faire style of teaching. He does not really care as long as you do your job. He provides power point lecture notes, but you may need a text book for further explanation.This course teaches the basic statistics. The first half of the course is pretty simple if you have learnt some statistics in high school, the second half becomes a bit tough when it goes to hypothesis testing and regression, but the assignments are good practicing materials.Kris is very cute and friendly, she's willing to talk to students and very patient if you ask her questions. One thing I don't quite like is the card, you have to ask or answer questions in class to get the cards, which counts for at least 6% of final grade.Notes are good with all the concepts.
Organised and clearly explained.Can understand even you skipped lessons. The content u learnt are useful for future studies especially if u want to major in finance,Good and clear. Need to answer questions to get cards for parti mark. She is willing to answer your questions and will explain it very clearly. TA is helpful too and responsible.Mostly about probabily and normal distraibution. Good for those who study M1 before in secondary school.
A bit difficult, especially for linear regression.
Main topics include: provavility, confidence interval, hypothesis testing and linear regression. The latter topics are more difficult,prepare for it.Accent is really a huge problem. Eventhough I am a Hongkonger, I can barely understand what he said at first.
Traditional Chinese accent. If you miss some content due to his accent, you can always ask him after class. He is in a good maner and willing to explain untill you understand (I once ask him questions for about half an hour, and he is still very patient.All content were gone through much more deeply than other sessions. All materials were come from Postgraduate courses.
Covered CAPM and multiple non-linear regression which are not supposed to be covered.

Final exam were 30 MCs but really difficult.
**IF YOU DONT LIKE MATH/STAT, DONT CHOOSE James. You will die hard.Funny and interesting class, you will never fell asleep.In this course there are 2 midterms and 1 final.
The material for the first midterm is about basic probability and some statistics theory.
The second midterm covers about normal distribution and confidence interval.
And the final covers about linear regression and hypothesis testing.As an international student, I find it really hard to understand what he is saying. I came only to his first two lecture and it was useless for me. However, he does try his best to make sure everybody understand the material and answer to all of his students questions.Probability, obviously that is something that you've learnt in your high school, so this one is easy.
Confidence interval, something new, but not as difficult as you think, read the material given for two days and you can understand it, at least how to solve the calculation questions in the midterm.
Hypothesis testing and Linear Regression......
insanely difficult!!!!!!!! It takes me about 3 days to have a little understanding on it!!! But when you read do more exercises and read the slides more often, you can ace it.Dulilun's accent is.... completely not understandable..... He accent is too serious that I can barely understand, and I need to spend so many time in understanding his accent. So...I skipped the classes quite often, since even if I go, I will not pay attention, so I would rather skip the class to have a day-off lol.
(At the syllabus, there is no attendance, but Mr.Du thought that there are so many people skip his class, so he decided to take attendance, you might have a chance to upgrade from B+ to A- if you have full attendance, btw, it means you are the greatest among all the B+, which means you slightly a little bit less than A-, can have a chance for upgrading)- Data and Variation (Ch2 - Ch6)
Part II. Probability
Probability Model
Basic concepts of probability,
Independence, conditional probability,
Random variable, mean and variance
- Association between Two Random Variables (Ch10)
 Portfolios, joint probability, x10.1-10.2
 Dependence between random variables, x10.3
 Mean and variance of weighted variables, covariance, x10.4, 10.6
 Game I
|{ Quiz I |{
- Normal Probability Model (Ch12)
 Normal random variable and normal Model
 Normal quantile plot
Part III. Inference
- Sampling and Sampling Distributions (Ch13 - Ch14)
 Concepts of population, sample and sampling,
 Game II
 Sampling distribution
- Standard Errors and Con dence Intervals (Ch15)
 Con dence interval for 
 Determine the sample size
- Statistical Hypothesis Testing (Ch16)
 One sample z- and t- tests
Quiz II
Part IV. Linear Regression
- Simple Linear Regression Model (Ch19 - Ch21)
 Linear pattern of data, residual plot
 Nonlinear pattern of data and transformation
 The model and conditions,
 Inference in regression,
 Prediction interval,
- Regression Diagnostics (Ch22)
 Detecting di erences in variation,
 Dependent errors and time series,Due to his accent,sometimes it's difficult to understand what he is saying(at the beginning),though you will get used to it. He expect the class to be interactive,so he often ask question and wait for students to answer.
It is quite easy to understand the concept if you attend the lecture.The content of business statistics itself is useful. Studied about normal model, single regression, multiple regression, dummy variables, Value at Risk, Confidence Intervals, Prediction Intervals, etc.Hard to pay attention in class. You can skip lectures, studying from the book and slides. But you might need to meet up with Professor for explanations bcs slides are sometimes not that clear. But, Prof James is super chill and very friendly.

Mini quizzes are consisted of all MC questions ( 8 - 10 mcq) , easy to screw up.Topic 1 Data description
Topic 2 Probability
Topic 3 Estimation
Topic 4 Hypothesis testing
Topic 5 Simple Linear regression

The first few topics are very easy for you to understand, it is very similar to statistics that you learn in high school, but you should pay attention in the last topic.Professor are very nice, her teaching is not boring. There are 2 in-class experiment, both of them has lots of fun.
She is really willing to give you some assistance if you encounter difficulty in learning.
You have to answer her questions to get participation cards, 6 cards and 2 labs are enough for you to get full mark.Stats course, which covers descriptive statistics, probability, inferential statistics, linear regressions, stuff like that.

This term he didn't cover multiple regression because he didn't have enough time.He's a good teacher, all in all. I think he likes teaching very much and he responds to your questions well. However, he doesn't allow mobile phones--believe me he gets pretty mad if you're found to be playing with your phone, and he expects the class to be quiet.Data and Variation
Probability Model
Association between Two Random Variables
Normal Probability Model
Sampling and Sampling Distributions
Standard Errors and Conﬁdance Intervals
Statistical Hypothesis Testing
Simple Linear Regression Model
Regression Diagnostics


2 quizzes
1 final exam
participation card 6% (1.5%@)-very easy to get
homework (10%)- he will give sample paper before each quiz and pick a few questions from it to be assignment questions.
participation - 4% for not disturbing class
the sample paper is important for you to achieve high marks in quiz as the format of sample paper is similar to the real quiz. so drill on sample paper!he does not allow students to leave the classroom during lecture. He will stop you and ask you the reason.

He speaks too fast and his mainland accent is a bit hard to understand.

He makes ppt that is clear and you need to attend the lecture to fill in the blanks on ppt.

stay focused during lecture. if you are found playing phone or laptop, he will come to you and ask you questions.

Teaching pace is a bit fast. For example, today he finished teaching confidence interval and tomorrow there will be midterm covering the confidence interval. So maybe you need to study over night to understand the new topic that will appear in midterm tomorrow.T-Test, Z-Test, and linear regression are extremely helpful and are the essentials of statistics.Clear and concise explanation did help classmate to understand the course.Midterm and Final exams are all in MC-format, pretty good for students who can't memorise course contents words by words but able to understand the concepts behind. The grade is not bad if you can strive +1 sd in every midterm and final exams, students with prior knowledge about z-test, t-test and confidence interval will have an advantage.Workload is relatively less than other business core courses, as it only requires 2-3 midterm exams, and 1 final exams. Those are in MC-format, very little to memorise if you could understand the concepts behind the calculations.All professors have a similar syllabus, but Prof. Kris Pan's sessions are easier than the other professors', as she tends to skip all the parts she finds "too difficult for year 1 students", while other professors may still cover those parts. Concepts such as standard deviation, variance, confidence interval and sample mean are highly favourable to students who have studied M1 in secondary school. Hypothesis testing about critical values and p-values is something new, but not difficult to understand as long as you practise more with the exercises in class and the homework questions. The most difficult topic, linear regression, was not assessed much in the final.Not much comment about the teaching.Basic but useful statisticsProf PAN always wears smile on her face, encouraging us to participate in the class discussions and be active.Quizzes 40% (75 minutes each). There will be 2 quizzes: testing Part I (20%, cover all contents before Estimation), Part II (20%, Estimation).
Final Exam 40% (120 minutes, covers hypothesis testing and linear regression).
Homework assignment 10%. There will be 4 Group HW.
10% = Participate 2 games (4%) + get 1 or more cards in 6 out of 22 lectures (6%). Or 10% = get 1 or more cards in 10 out of 22 lectures

Quizzes and Final are all MCs.
a piece of A4 double-sided cheatsheet is allowed.
Not difficult but you may need to be careful.Not too much but you need to spend some time reviewing the notes.
You have to answer more questions in class in order to get good grade.90% of the content is similar of DSE M1Better listen to her lecture carefully since some of the content will be appeared in exams directly.
Professor's explanation is clearRequire class participation (which is asking question and collect cards in lecture).
Midterms and exam are all in MC format. If I remeber correctly, students are allowed to bring their own cheat sheet, which is generally imply that the difficulty of the exams are comparatively high.
Group based HW which is easy.Okay workload.
Exams is a little bit too much.very interesting. i like it very much!! i love it! i highly recommend this class! reg it la!good but i do not remember his name. he is quite handsome with short hair and glasses.great i have 78% on quiz 1; 98% on quiz 2 and 87% on final exam. I have very good parti in class and the prof likes me. I got an A finally.less. no homework or classwork. 0 workload basically. you do not have to go to the class since it is useless and it count nothing. so dont go!hEssentially, the course is divided into four aspects ranging from simple descriptive statistics, to probability & distributions, regressions, and hypothesis testing.

Content is generally easy to follow, and in the case that you don't, the professor is very willing to repeat things in class and/or respond to your queries via email.

You may find like you aren't getting enough practice questions, so feel free to approach him, and he will suggest some for you to do.Great professor, with a real love for statistics. Engages the class often, and will go through every line of text in his notes during the lectures. Feel free to ask questions at any point during the lecture if it seems confusing to you.

He is very structured in his teaching, punctual, responsive via email, and has a zero-tolerance attitude for anyone disturbing his teaching. Don't be surprised when he goes completely mute and stares at one person, because they're in trouble! Don't use your phone in class, and don't talk loudly, and you'll be fine. Don't be surprised to find out that he knows your name, even though you've never spoken in class.

Hands down, one of the most passionate profs I've had classes with.Not too hard, although the theories are not completely taught. There are still minor places left out for higher-level course, and might cause slight ambiguities at times.Never register an early class with Prof. Du. He would repeat key points during lectures, but his accent and tone make it difficult to stay focused, especially in morning classes. Apart from that, he is kind and willing to help. If you raise any questions during lessons, you would always get an answer. I do remember him answering a question raised in the previous lesson, and made his points clear. Just try not to fall asleep, and do some self-studying.Standard syllabus just like other instructor. Mainly about statistics like binomial distribution, normal distribution, linear regression etc.very easy to follow but the accent may make it difficult to hear sometime. Although u may find a bit difficult to follow , he usually repeat the important parts and make it clear in mathematical presentation.For professor Pan, I think her content is really detailed and well-structured. And you can ask anything about this course after class and she will answer it patiently.I think she really know how to teach and know whether students can understand it easily or not.        And she always  repeats the points she will test in the exam so if you don't fall asleep in class or skip classes, you will get a good grade.Teach useful business statistics.
Have basic M1 knowledge will handle this course easily.
Content is very easy to understand. No need buy the textbook.
Quizzes 40%,Final 40%,Homework 10% ,Performance through the Curriculum 10%.good teaching with clear power point slide.
will give discussion time during lecture.
Do not take attendance.
Interesting teaching.Good content with emphasis on practical use of statistics
Classwork involves group project that is finished in one class (it's more structured like a game), content is taught by filling the blanks on the ppt slide therefore eventhough attendance is not required you still have to come to class to fill in the gaps in the lecture notes.Clear teaching, approachable outside classroom, ppt slide are helpful.basically 4 topics:
Descriptive Statistics
Probability & Distributions
Inferential Statistics
Regression Analysis

not difficult if you attend all classesclear instructions
notes are comprehensive

some students may find him weird for not allowing students to use mobile phones in classthis course covers useful fundamental knowledge of information system, it includes the use of python that will definitely benefit your future career. Python is a powerful tool that is commonly used among the business field to possess business statistics. And 70% of the syllabus of the course covers the application of Python.the professor is humorous and conscientious. The TA are helpful.basic introductory course.
useful content (most of the content is highly relevant to business world)
difficulty appropriate for business studentclear and logical delivery
notes are easy to read (very essential when revising exams)
you need to answer question for participation marks (easy to achieve, plus the prof is very encouraging)
major drawback would be his accent (prof is from mainland china), some international students find it quite hard to adapt toTopic 1 Data description
Topic 2 Probability
Topic 3 Estimation
Topic 4 Hypothesis testing
Topic 5 Simple Linear regression

(Topic 6 Multiple Linear regression was not taught at last)

The course offers a general introduction into statistics, which mainly focuses on the application of basic statistical tools.

The first two topics are easy to grasp, while topic 3 - 5 are interconnected. Topic 5 especially involve knowledge from all previous topics.Kris teaches interactively. She would engage with the entire class through her gestures and often ask questions to students.

She would use some simple illustrations/examples to open the topic of each lesson so to introduce/recap on some materials.

Sometimes she would speak a little fast so it might be hard to follow, or some areas on the PPT would be confusing/  unexplained, leaving you dumbfounded. Regardless, she welcome students to ask for clarifications freely. You can also ask her after class.

One minor point is that she really hate people talking in her class. She would get annoyed by that quite quickly.1. Basic Statistic
2. Probability
3. Discrete/Continuous Random Variables
4. Sampling Distribution
5. Confidence Interval
6. Hypothesis Testing
7. Simple Linear Regression

For Midterm and Examination, it is fine if you only revise powerpoint. The powerpoint is usually guided by an case example with some questions. There are several questions for Midterms and Final which is the past paper questions.

The professor often modify the notes that have been posted on CANVAS to self-correct the mistakes made in the powerpoint. There are extension powerpoint covers those interesting statistic that will not be tested, e.g. "Financial Time Series"The professor tried his best to make complicated stuffs easier. Moreover, he is willing and patient to answer you questions. You can make an appointment with him through an email, and he would spent over an hour to talk and teach.

However, his English is a bit hard to listen with some Mainland accent. But after several lessons, you can identify what he is trying to say.No need to read textbook, just read through his powerpoint is enough. Powerpoint is clear and easy to understandThe prof. try hard to explain difficult concept in a simple way and will constantly do review, but his English is a bit hard to listen and need improvement.Fair grade。 you will get a good grade if u put enough effort in this lecture.only have 5 homework to be handed in, no in class quiz
Two mid terms plus a final (the prof usually reveal what will be tested in the lesson before mid terms and final ) Content to be tested are not cumulative so there won't be a lot to reviseFirst few topics covers some basic mathematics concept reintroduced in statistics terms, which is quite easy, while things take a turn on the later topics, and there will be a lot of concepts and formulae to be remembered to deal with different questions.

Most of the teaching will be done in sub-topics, and comprehensive questions are given at the end of topic to check your progress.Notes are very clear and straight forward, professor will cover extra techniques and demonstration in lectures.

Some of the derivation of equations or concepts are omitted, and you may find it frustrating.

But notes will be locked until respective topics ready to be taught in class. Not self-study friendly.the content is kinda different i guess from the other lecturers cause he was using python to teach statistics. it was really difficult for someone like me who has no background of the programming language nor good at stats. but undeniably, it is useful in real world applications. certainly more interesting than the usual statistic classes!we are the first batch he uses python to teach stats so it is actually kinda confusing initially, but sooner or later you'll get used to his teaching method. also, he actually put in lots of efforts to make sure we understand the content, by arranging weekend tutorials and an online platform where we can ask questions.Kris's lecture content is packed but informative. U will be able to understand the concepts and calculation method of statistical questions.Kris is a very passionate professor. She is willing to answer you the questions again and again. She motivates student by giving them participation mark if students ask or answer question.The content of the course is relatively simple and light.There should be no difficulty understanding the content if you attend each lecture. The lecture notes are not very helpful if you don't attend the lectures because there are a lot of things that are done in the class that are missing in the notes.Consisting of basic knowledge of Business statistic, from descriptive statistics to simple linear regression.
The course content was systematic and the contents in slides were all clearly organized and timely updated.
Corresponding exercises were updated regularly, it was not compulsory but benefited understanding.The pace of teaching was pretty fast when talking about some simple concept, but the professor would slow down the pace and lay enough emphasis on the key points or the difficult parts.
The instructor encouraged asking questions in class.
We had two games in class this semester and it was fun.Content for the first few weeks was alright, but it went downhill from there.

Probability Model, Sampling, Hypothesis Testing, Linear Regression Model and Multiple Regression.Xinghua is a very nice professor, he's straight to the point and tries to eliminate a lot of redundant material from the course.

Highly recommend him if you are aiming for an A+Probability Model, Sampling, Hypothesis Testing, Linear Regression Model and Multiple Regression.The professor (Nickname: Tiger) is a Mainland professor. Maybe a bit boring to some people. But very easy to get the participation marks.Four Group Assignment 10%
Two Quizzes (ALL MC with cheat sheet) 40%
Final Exam (ALL MC with cheat sheets) 40%
Participation 10%

The grading is very good. The final exam was a bit difficult, but still a number of students can get over 90% marks.

My overall marks was 92% and this is already enough to get A+.Four group assignments only. Very light workload.The content is not that difficult at the beginning (which is why people start to slack off after the first two midterms). The first midterm is more like common sense, but the second midterm and the final requires more studying.  DO NOT SLACK OFF. It only becomes more difficult as time goes on.Funny guy. Although his accent may be difficult to understand at times. However he is quite good at teaching and I enjoyed attending his lessons.

He is really strict about people using phones/computers in class, he actually does check if you are looking at your PPT slides or if you are just playing on your computer. He will ask you questions if he thinks you are not listening properly. He doesn't like people leaving class early, and trust me, he will ask you why you are leaving class in front of everyone. Try to get on his good side by answering questions and looking like you care.chp1:Basic descriptive statistics
chp2:Probability
chp3:Inferential Statisitcs
chp4:RegressionProfessor explains his notes clearly. He's willing to answer students' questions. Unlike other classes, you don't need to raise your hand to answer some questions to get some marks for your participation. Make sure you mute your mobile phone before class, if your phone ring during class, professor will stop his lecture and stand still and stare at you.Basic descriptive statistics: line graph bar graph histogram box-and-wisker diagram mean mode median

Probability: poisson standard etc, conditional probabilty, z table, t table

Inferential Statisitcs: hypothesis testing H0 H1

Regression: Single variable onlyFunny Malaysian
Sometimes play games in class
good notes for revision
but he would shout at the one who is playing cell phone :o)Objective and intended learning outcomesThe objective of this course is to equip students with basic concepts and methods in statisticalthinking and reasoning so that they can handle uncertainty intelligently in business environmente ectively. These basis concepts and methods includedescriptive statistics,probability,statistical inference, andlinear regression.The course adopts the following approaches to meet the objectives:Emphasize concepts understanding and results interpretation through di erent methodsof evaluation.Closer connection to real life and business practice through new content of lecturesHand-on experiences on data collection and analysis through in-class experimentsInstructor:Lilun DU, Assistant Professor of ISOM, Room 4068, Phone:  2358-7730 (O); Oce hour: by Wan TAI, Room 5032a, Phone: 3469-2634 (O); ; Ocehour: 03:00pm-04:00pm, Fri.Class Meets:Lecture-1: Rm 4619, 01:30pm-02:50pm/09:00am-10:20am, Mon/Fri.Lecture-2: Rm 4619, 03:00pm-04:20pm/10:30am-11:50am, Mon/Fri.Tutorial section on quiz and Final exam (by Instructor){07:00pm-08:30pm, Rm 4334, Sep. 27.{07:00pm-08:30pm, Rm 4334, Oct. 27.{07:00pm-08:30pm, Rm 4334, Nov. 27.Tutorial section on Excel (by TA){13:30pm-14:30pm, G005 LSK, Sep. 20.{14:00am-15:00pm, G005 LSK, Sep. 21.Course MaterialsRecommended Textbook: \Statistics for Management and Economics, 10nd edition", byGerald Keller.1
Recommended Textbook:  \Statistics for business, decision making and analysis, 2ndedition", by Stine and Foster.Lecture notes, HW assignment, and practice questions will be posted on the course website().Required software: Excel.Evaluation1.Midterm 40%: there will be two quizzes testing Part I (20%) and Part II (20%) respec-tively. All questions in exams are multiple-choice ones.Quiz I: 07:00pm-08:00pm, Sep. 29, at LTC/LSK-G012.Quiz II: 07:00pm-08:00pm, Oct. 30, at LTA/Rm1504.Final Exam: date and venue to be determined.2.Final Exam 40%: covers Part III & IV, which will also be multiple-choice format.3.Assignments 15%: three sets of homework assignments.4.Participation 5%: Classroom participation is crucial to a lively and e ective learningenvironment. Your participation will be assessed according to both attendance taking( ve times) and contributions to in-class discussion and learning.Academic IntegrityWithout academic integrity, there is no serious learning. Thus you are expected to hold thehighest standard of academic integrity in the course.  You are encouraged to study and dohomework in groups.  However, no cheating, plagiarism will be tolerated .  Anyone caughtcheating, plagiarism will fail the course. Please make sure adhere to the HKUST AcademicHonor Code at all time (
Class SchedulePart  Sessions  DateTopicsI1Sep. 1   IntroductionLec. 1a2Sep. 4   Graphical techniquesLec. 1b3Sep. 8   Numerical techniquesLec. 1c4Sep. 11  ProbabilityLec. 2a5Sep. 15  Conditional ProbabilityLec. 2b6Sep. 18  Discrete random variableLec. 3a7Sep. 22  Covariance and portfolioLec. 3b8Sep. 25  Game I+ Review9Sep. 29  [Exam I]II10Oct. 6   Continuous random variableLec. 4a11Oct. 9   Continuous random variableLec. 4a12Oct. 13  Sampling distributionLec. 4b13Oct. 16  Sampling distributionLec. 4b14Oct. 20  Con dence intervalLec. 4c15Oct. 23  Con dence intervalLec. 4c16Oct. 27  Game II+Review17Oct. 30  [Exam II]III    18Nov. 3   Hypothesis testing ILec. 5a19Nov. 6   Hypothesis testing IILec. 5b20Nov. 10  Hypothesis testing IILec. 5bIV    21Nov. 13  Simple Linear RegressionLec. 6a22Nov. 17  Curved patterns and transformation   Lec. 6b23Nov. 20  Regression estimation and prediction  Lec. 6c24Nov. 24  Regression diagnosisLec. 6d25Nov. 27  Reviewbad accent.
great teacherCurrently in ISOM 2500, The course content is quite easy right. It is basic statistics diagram such as box and wiskers, bar graph, pie graph, etc. Also, there are equationg like finding the standard deviation and We are stepping in to probability right now.

Also, use excel to graph stats.The teacher is passionate about the subject, and seem to taught the course for couple of terms already. His notes is good, and there is no book that you need to read. However, the book does help you if you figure out how to use excel on different statisticsbasic Python coding n statistic analysisthe classes are fun
and the prof will reply ur email asking questions
video of the classes n the solution of assignment r provided on canvasIt is about business statistics models like confidence interval, probability and graph analysis.  It also teaches student basics of business software like Minitab.The teaching is simple and precise.  If you have difficulty following what's being said, just start writing and jotting notes.  It will help you follow the flow of the lectures.easier than other professors
as easy as DSE math

- descriptive stat
- probability
- discrete random variables
- continuous random variables
- Estimation (Sampling Distribution)
- Hypothesis testingthough having awkward english accent, she teaches well and explains the concepts clearly

she provides some optional exercises in canvas (though i didn't do any)Most of the content is understandable as the professor will have lots of examples from real businesses. If you learn the case studies thoroughly most of the time you'll remember how to do it in midterm/final.

If you want good grade you might want to buy the textbook, if you're okay with a B grade you can just read off the lecture notes. Like a lot of maths related stuff perfect practice makes perfect.

Midterm 1 - very basic stuff i.e bar charts, line graphs, coefficient, linear correlations, how to detect variance
Midterm 2 - Hypothesis testing, double end and single end testing, alpha and beta errors etc.
Final - Application of midterm 1 + midterm 2 stuff, you need to know how to manipulate equations and then how to test them etc... If you like stats this course is good for you.Most of the teaching is nice. If you skip lectures you might not understand anything in further lectures as a lot of the content builds upon each other. You might want to attend all lectures and make notes on the lecture slides as it'll help a lot for finals.

I never saw the TA so you might be in trouble if you don't understand what the lecturer teaches.This course is designed to teach the fundamental issues underlying the design, implementation, control,
evaluation, and strategic use of modern information systems within organizations. This course is
designed to teach you the process and policy implications of management information systems. While
some of the effort will be devoted to hands‐on work (in the lab sessions), the major emphasis will be on
the managerial and strategic aspects of information systems.Clear powerpoint
student friendlyLearning the basic skills of Python, a programming tool in the courseWe need to download a programming tool named Python, which is very useful in the business world nowaday.

In this session, we used the ipython notebook. The professor taught us how to deal with new data, instead of teaching theory only.The range of content is acceptable since the tests and exams are not cumulative.Excellent and very clear concept explanations, she and her TA are eligible to answer the raised questions immediately with clear explanations.You should expect high mean and small SD in her class because all quizes and exams are easy for most of the students.It's a little bit stressful because you need to participate by raising or answering questions in class and your need to answer several questions individually to get her score cards. And there are some group assignments for you to do. The assignments are a little bit long and not easy compared to her exams and testes.very difficult
even pay attention cant understand
the quiz and exam are open laptopQuite funny and nice
teach sth easy but not related to the assignment and exams
hea
difficult to hearas the exam is open - laptop
and the content is super hard
depends on your luck
i dont know what did i learn in the class but i can still above mean and got a c+about 4-5 assignment for one semister
20 T/F questions and some short essay questions
not related to the teaching materials
need to google by yourselfworksheet will be provided with many examples
he suggest students to buy textbook and teach students how to use software to show statisticdetail steps
need to be extremely concentrated in class
examples will be explained in class so attending the class is important
he is nice and welcome to answer questions
but quite horrible when you are chatting and playing with phoneThe content is very useful and comprehensive.It is very easy to follow as the professor will explain everything in detailDepends on the exam scores. Can get A+ if you get nearly full marks. Depends on the exam scores. Can get A+ if you get nearly full marks. Depends on the exam scores. Can get A+ if you get nearly full marks. Depends on the exam scores. Can get A+ if you get nearly full marks.The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate. The workload is appropriate.The content is not difficult compared to other instructors.His pronounciation is not http://good.So,it is difficult for me to understand what he said.However,he is always willing to answer our questions after classes.He loves asking questions and giving participation cards to students.Students have to answer questions in order to get the cards,and hence the participation marks.The course was useful and easy to catch up. if you have studied M1 or M2 in secondary school, it will be a great help as some of the topics have been covered in DSE syllabus.Professor's teaching is nice as he used examples to explain the theories. He is very nice too. Whenever you have a question, he always answers your questions patiently.Quite difficult which i needed to spend time on reading book to understand the contents. Once you understand it, you would find it not that hard to revise.His teaching style was quite boring and his accent was not easy to understand. But he was a good professor who always welcomed students to find him whenever we faced any problems.3 Assignments, 2 quizzes, final exam and participation marks (answering questions in class). There were only MC questions in quizzes and final exam.The professor had a strong accent, most of the time I could not understand what he's talking about. His lessons were quite boring.Quite good, if you meet the mean in the quizzes and final exam, hand in all the assignments, you may get B- in this course.Light workload. Only an assignment with a few MC questions before each quiz and final exam. The assignments are really useful for the quizzes and exam.Basic statistics knowledge. Everyone is able to handle it.Prof. will give enough example for students to thoroughly understand different topics and during the lecture, prof. will usually stop for a while and ask if any student has a question so student can always have chance to ask a question and the teaching pace is adequate.No Commentsome people like his teaching style, quite interesting and nice person.  he dun really follow his powerpoint, often jump the slides,  jokes. for people who are smart and understand the content, this is a good thing, but for me, just made me more confused. I try to attend first 3-4 lesson and start to skip lesson cuz i can hardly follow his teaching style.It's difficult for students who don't have M1M2 background. There are three topics: Descriptive Statistics, Inferential Statistics, Probability & Distributions.Professor Chen's pronunciation is weird. It's hard to focus especially after the lunch time. The notes given is quite boring compared to the other professors. Although no attendance will be taken, the answer of the notes will only be discussed during the lesson and won't be uploaded to the canvas. He dislikes students to eat, chat and using the phone during the lesson.Rich content
sometimes it is difficult to comprehendClear instructions
Need to answer questions for at least 6 times to get a passIt is hard to get a good grade, students need to work hard on each examination
the examination cover is non-cumulative
the level of difficulty of the exam is ok, many students will get a high mark on the first mid term exam
Only mc questions for mid term and final examinationMainly focus on group work
Many questions and the level of difficulty is highWill have online classes in early semester. Professor leaves questions for every lecture and answers it in the next lecture. Put a lot examples in teaching for easier understanding of exam question type.Professor teaches a bit too fast, harder to pick up. Life examples and assignment for further information to follow. Willing to spend extra times to answer students question which is important for the complicated concept in ISOM2500.This course talks about statistic and some of the knowledge we have been learnt at high school. For instance, standard deviation and z-score. The content is useful and not very difficult.All teaching content follows lecture notes. Easy to follow.
The professor explains quite clearly.
There are much interaction during class and the professor will walk around to ask whether we understand the content or not.Content was alright, albeit less rigorous than other professors, which isn't good if you're planning on taking more statistics courses later on (for OM / QFIN majors).

To get a good grade, you need to constantly review his questions; about 60% of the exam questions come from a modified version of the review quiz he gives out about 2-3 days before the exam day. Make sure you understand and don't memorize! Although, I've gotten away with just writing the things I don't understand on the cheat sheet.

Graphical techniques
Numerical techniques
Probability
Conditional Probability
Discrete random variable
Covariance and portfolio
Continuous random variable
Sampling distribution
Confidence interval
Hypothesis testing
Simple Linear Regression
Curved patterns and transformation
Regression estimation and prediction
Regression diagnosisProfessor Du's teaching was horrible. His accent was really difficult to understand, he jumps around from one topic to another. Although, if you approach him personally in his office, he teaches way better there, and may give you some hints on what's coming on the exam.

I think it's a good idea to read the theory from the textbook since it explains it much better than he does.The course is mainly about understanding the statistic applied in business model instead of using math equations to get the correct numbers. Getting a big idea how some parameters will affect the final result and making sense to the result either through math or intuition(more recommended). If you have good sense of math but don't want to bother by doing those boring computation, come here. I am a lazy folk, and that's the reason why I was in his session.James is glad to answer any question and jokes around sometimes. As some slides are adopted from some advanced statistic courses(mostly PG courses), I would say going to the lecture and paying attention to his teaching will save you a lot of efforts. He even postponed the course to start from 9:15 in the morning every Friday. If you have hard time understanding why sth works, grab a look at other sessions' slides with more math there.Professor WAN teaches us how to use Python for programs, mathematical calculation and stock price mining.  I would say for a business course, it is really nice, because the use of Python may give you an advantage in the future.Prof. WAN is a ridiculously funny professor.  Jokes are often incorporated into his everyday lectures, and all of us in the class enjoyed that.

He does not take attendance, and if you miss a lesson, he has recorded videos!!

Just WOW!  One of the best professors here!Basic content about business statistics.
If you studied M1/M2 before, it would be quite easy at first.
Kris often change and add some explanation slides into the notes, and explain during lesson. So don't skip lesson.Kris's notes are well organised and explained.
All content of the exam can be found in the notes.
She also welcome students to ask her questions after class.Content is quite interesting as it covers various theories about business statistics. I can see how it would be useful in data analytics.Teaching involves reading over notes, which are on a A4 slides.  There was overview of some problems during class.Grading was OK i guess, considering how well i thought i mastered the concepts.It is especially difficult if you have not learnt probability concepts up to an advance level before.

Assignments involve answering questions from the textbook and handing it in to his pigeon box.

I did not buy the book (i was in year 1), i think if you want to get a better grade you should buy the book.The content in this course is boring, its like taking another calculus course and people who hate dealing with numbers should definitely opt this out.he explain everything clearlyGrading sucks. Even summary sheets are allowed in midterms and finals, you will realize the questions are out of your expectation and I've got a C- in this course which is an ass hole to my GPAWorkload is acceptable for people who have took M1 in their highschool. However, for people we dodn't, it's quite a lot of workload.Ipython notebook and statistics. Content includes estimation, simple linear regression, probability and so on. I do not like the idea of using python for teaching and I think it does not really relate to business statistics.Very boring. The microphone that the professor used was not in good quality making his voice very difficult to be heard clearly. To be honest I totally had no idea what the professor was talking about since day 1. He was teaching through the programme ipython notebook and I had no idea what that was all about. He displayed his demo coding on the screen but he did not zoom in, making me very difficult to follow.I've learnt most of the things in this course before in high school as I studied ib, so at first I didn't really give a lot of attention to this course. Gradually, as the course gets going on, the content we learnt started to get interesting, and for the first time revising maths that I already knew seemed interesting to me. I'd say the only good thing about this course is its very own materials and syllabus.Truth be told, I didn't attend must of the lectures. You can say whatever you want about me, but I blame this on the professor. As a freshman, I enjoyed the first lesson because someone actually knows how to make a joke and not be TOO boring. BUT, after I figured the professor is just covering up the fact he couldn't teach well and is just reading out the notes, well screw this course I'm not wasting time on this. You should also know the teaching itself deserves a D grading, but the fact I got such a grade out of it pisses me off, so there goes a E.cover some out of syllabus content that did not appear in the midterm nor the final exam.Speaking bad English that it is very difficult to understand what he is talking about. Using over simplified power point that missing lots of the key concept of the content.it is good.The topic is not difficult.Open book for exam.
It likes to ask question and make jokes that he laughs. It has an awesome way of entertaining himself. It is fun tho sometimes look at his cute face. He doesnt mind you do anything. People are watching youtube with earphones. But dont skip lesson. He is cunning as hell.quite clear.relatively easy as compared to others'. He takes 3 attendance so better come to class!
first half of the class is basic stuff that you most likely have covered in highschool. It gets harder and harder which explains why the mean for finals is not that high (so better do well).-unclear ppt
-accent makes it difficult to comprehend
-you wont understand what he's teaching since he tend to jump from a point to another
-pre read the textbook then proceed to his ppt to better understand the courseNo Commentexplains concepts clearly and give lots of example
willing to answer questions during and after lessonsgood grade, I have one quiz below mean but still a range
use cards to count participation, have to answer 6 questions in the semester, but you can also get the card by asking question4 group assignments and you need to use statistics software minitab to finish it. A little bit difficult to use minitab but they will provide lab to teach you how to use. Don't try to do one assignment per person, it will spend you at least 2 hours even you understand the learning materials.Additional topics were taught in compare with other professors (e.g. Inference of two population means and variances).Teaching was fairly well but definitely not vivid. The Singaporean accent was a little obnoxious and hilarious sometimes. A point to note is his notes were well written, but it was essential to jot down notes in every lesson in order to obtain solutions for the questions in his notes for revision.I took AP STAT and 80% of the material were repetitive. We got to regression towards the end and it got really difficult to understand but few days before the finals he announced that he's getting rid of the multiple regression partAmazing professor
He's really nice and teaches amazingly
Careful with phone usage -- phones going off during class seriously pisses him offEven though the course is about Business Statistics, the main focus seems to be Python. The professor focuses more on trying to teach the programming language and spent almost 1.5 months on trying to teach that.The professor is very nice and extremely approachable. He tries to make classes fun but sometimes he is not able to communicate efficiently. He tries to connect what he is teaching to real life examples but this often leads to him going off topic. He posts his lecture videos and notes online so there is no need to attend each and every class.P-value, probability, simple regression model are not that hard to understand and handle. Some statistics videos in Youtube would make the concepts clearer.Disastrous. His mainland accent and teaching direction confused us. Not a single of us could understand what he was trying to explain. Lots of misspellings in his Powerpoint and you should expect that you can learn nothing from his lectures and powerpointsThe slides provided are not very clear without the assistance of the textbook. Yet since the course is not accumulative, the final exam is only based on 2 chapters. Practice papers and review sessions were also given before midterm/final exam.Poor English and students usually find it very challenging to stay focused in his class. Most students just use their laptops for other uses.First month: python(install,open，essentials,numpy,pandas,review)
Module 1: Descriptive Statistics
Module 2: Probability
Module 3: Distribution
Module 4: Estimate
Module 5: Linear Regression

Official edition:
Syllabus
1.Introduction
Descriptive Statistics
Probability, Distribution and Random Variables
Sample Statistics and Sampling Distribution
Statistical Inference
Regression: Simple and Multiple Linear Regression
Classification: Logistic Regression
Basics of Time Series (Optional）Basic Python
Most frequent word"handsome"
No attendance taking
sometimes noisy
Stop at every subtitle to answer questionsContent was ok. First he taught a lot of basic stuff about business statistics including mean, mode, standard deviation, etc. Then he went on with more complex stuff like confidence intervals, samples.The teaching honestly was one of the worst. This was because he pronounces a lot of words wrongly, so its hard to understand what he is saying. He often just read off the presentation slides, so might as well stay at home and read it yourself since it saves u time and workload. He didn't really take attendance, so don't worry about that.CONTENT
probability, use minitab, estimate sample mean, analysis from the graphs,etc....clear and structured ppt.
she is nice and welcome to answer your questions.easy to get satisfied grading.
but hard to get A grade unless you get a full mark in any one quiz.
many students can get a result that is above mean since questions are strict forward.
so better not to skip any lesson since she will explain many details that are not shown on ppt.group project + quiz + class participation
group project will be easy if you have cooperating and responsible group mates.
4 group assignments. sometimes the questions are really long and clumsy.This course teaches the basic statistics. The first half of the course is pretty simple if you have learnt some statistics in high school, the second half becomes a bit tough when it goes to hypothesis testing and regression, but the assignments are good practicing materials.This course teaches the basic statistics. The first half of the course is pretty simple if you have learnt some statistics in high school, the second half becomes a bit tough when it goes to hypothesis testing and regression, but the assignments are good practicing materials.Basic business statistic.The instructor was very enthusiastic and passionate, always speaks with a loud voice. His pronunciation was a bit hard to understand, but the content he's speaking was very well arranged.I did not take any statistics course in the past, and the contents were totally new to me.
I did suffer a lot understanding the contents.

For those who already learned statistics (DSE), it should be reviewing until 2nd midterm.His lecture notes are very bad, one of the worst.
Very disorganized and does not indicate which section he teaches.

He covers (and tests) more topics than other professors.
I would not recommend this professor.Basic statistical knowledge:

Descriptive statistics
Random variables
Probability distribution
Inference for statistics
Hypothesis testing
Simple linear regression

Content taught are very useful for futurw studies. However, some knowledge that is taught in other lectures are not illustrated in her lectures.

Starting from HT, the content will be much more difficult, so pay attention is class.Dr. Pan teaches well, she understands what you will confuse and explain them in detailes, with tons of examples used.

Her lively tone makes the lesson less boring. Her presentation skills is really good, you can definitely understand the materials after she presents them to you. She will engage as much students as possible in lectures, and encourage us to speak and ask a lot. She is a mainland professor from the Guangdong Province, so she can speak fluent Cantonese, Putonghua and English.

Each year, many students would like to swap in her lectures.many mainland students, especially 0900 class. The content is easy at first but quite hard after hypothesis testinglanguage can be easily followed, The professor will say some jokes but his attitude is quite serious. He also does not allow students to use the phonestudents' grade is given according to the class instead of the professor. Therefore, with the same score of two students in different class, they can have different grades.3 problem sets, the third one is the most difficult. The mean of the problem set would probably be high, about 90%we learn the basic skill of Python, which is a useful programming tool in business world nowadays.Everyone has to download a programming tool, Python, which is useful nowadays.
We used the iPython notebook in this session. The professor not only taught us theory, but also taught us how to cope with the problems of new data when using Python. He taught quite well so is is easy to understand,The ppt provided are very detailed, with many sample questions to explain the whole concept. I am a student with poor mathematics foundation, but the course is still manageable to me. The first 1/3 of the course are about probability and was covered in DSE syllabus.Kris is a nice lecturer that her teaching is interesting. She is very willing to answer students' questions. Personally I would recommend Kris to all the local students because she can speak in cantonese.Used ipython to teach business statistics
I do not think it was a good idea because I think I learnt nothing
It was totally different from what other ISOM2500 students were learning, although the content seemed to be the same. Since ipython notebook was adopted, I think I have learnt python more than statistics.Professor had a good personality but his teaching was not so good
His pace was fast, students with little ICT background were hard to follow.
Personally, I think Python was not something that could be easily handled. The codes were hard to get it correct, error were easily created with wrong spelling or any typo
You could send email to professor if you have any questions, and he was willing to answer you.

THIS PROFESSOR IS NOT RECOMMANDED.Basic math/stats you learn in high school like probability, types of distributions, covariance, etc.
Content is relevant and about the right size. A little too many MINITAB tutorial screenshots when most students have not owned the software yet, so it may be pretty useless/time consuming explanationsUnderstandable, clear and coherent. He really likes to smile, which makes learning statistics a tad bit less stressful. Guy also likes to say 'so-called' up to the point where it's super overused, but that's fine. Funny guy, but u CANNOT play your phone in class he will call you out and give you a stink eye.Really interesting stuff. It feels like you can actually apply the knowledge you have gained. The course material really varies between professors.  Everything is write here is about Prof James.Prof James is really good and has really interesting teaching style.  He emphasizes real life application, you don't have to remember any formulas by heart.

You don't have to attend the lectures, but some powerpoint slides might be confusing.The PPTs only contain the most basic concepts without detailed explanation.She doesn't even know how to speak proper English. So be prepared to study it yourself if you are the sort of person who despises mainland professors with poor English.Basic introduction on the information systems. If you have studied Module 1 Math or attained a rather high level of understanding in Core Math during Secondary school, you will find this course rather easy. It will introduce you to more details of several data mining methods, as well as practical uses of them.His English would be quite difficult to understand if you are only used to lecturers with perfect accent, otherwise i would say its understandable. Quite effective teaching, uses real examples to make concepts easier to understand(or maybe its just an easy course to begin with). The instructor himself is pretty friendly and you can ask him for free extra materials.It is mainly about the development of ERP systems in global businesses as well as local small businesses, comparing and contrast different ERP architectures, constructing a process flow diagram and solving a material requirements planning (MRP) problem.

Must purchase the textbook because most of the exam questions could be found in the textbook.This course mainly teaches you the history, features, pros & cons of ERP. Also describe how ERP can facilitate customer relationship management (CRM) and supply chain management (SCM), as an extension of ERP software.
Ronald usually would spend half of the lesson to do the lecture, then the other half will go to the lab and learn to use SAP software.
Learning material requirements planning (MRP) is very useful.I like Ronald style as he is willing to share his own experience with us and constantly ask questions to encourage the students to think actively.
Although he was a bit frustrated with another course students complain of too messy for having the notes and course book for study at the same time,  I like to read the course book so much as it is more detail. Anyway, the notes and course book are complementary.Mainly about the introduction of ERP, the pros and cons of ERP, the introduction of different kinds of ERP, the function of SAP, some system implementation knowledge.

It will have a set of ppt notes and Ronald's own textbook, but half of the ppt notes are not included in the textbook so you will need to write that down in your textbook (exam open book). One important point is Ronald likes to talk about sth not in the notes and textbook but those are tested, so pay attention in the class.

You will need to play a simulation game which counts your marks, but doesn't really matter if you lose.

Attendance is counted.I would say it's Ronald teaching style xd. For me, he explains concept quite clearly, and have a lot of examples with some are his personal experience. Sometimes funny and sometimes a little bit boring, but at least I understand what he delivers.The course was conducted in one month time so it was kind of rush. Around 2 hrs per lecture and 2 lectures per week.Detailed notes are given and you can basically understand everything without going to the lecture.Grading is pretty good. The midterm score is generally lower and the final is normal. One thing to note is the group presentation score and participation, this would make a big difference if u manage to be the best group and extra score will be given. But the presentation preparation time is only around 2 to 3 days for winter course so it could be a rush.Acceptable workload with quizzes, in-class exercise, group presentation, mid term and final. MidTerm is only MC questions while Final includes long questions in addition to MC questions.The first 3 topics of CISA exam. Briefly talks about IS Audit, including the basic process, principle , risk-base auditing approach, project management and IT security

A quite informative and intensive course for a winter sem is really useful for your future career.The professor is using blended learning for this course.
In winter semester, it means

3 * 2 hour lecture + 3* 40mins lecture video(seperate from face to face lecture) + 3 in-class exercise + 3 online quiz for each week

Lecture notes provided for each lecture, no need to print by yourself. Yet the lecture notes will only cover the basic concepts and keywords, it is strongly recommended that you have to jots what he mentioned in class/videos to make sure you understand the logic flow, which you need to present again during case study and final exams.This course provides a comprehensive approach for auditing information systems that is useful for auditors and information security professionals. Computer security examples are used to illustrate IS auditing process, practices and management. It will help you take the CISA exam later on in your career.

In addition to the concepts of computer security, it also covers the following chapters in CISA:

Chapter 1: The Process of Auditing Information Systems

Chapter 2: Governance and Management of IT

Chapter 3: Information Systems Acquisition, Development and Implementation (Partial)Lessons(jotting notes is necessary in order to understand the concept)

there is grouped in-class exercise(no marks for in-class)
!important! the in-class exercises' content will be examined on mid-term and final (direct copy from in-class)
-> the best ans will be uploadedAs an usual IS course, the prof will print the notes for you. The whole courses is divided into a few session such as IS security, IT governance, SDLC etc.. However, it always use point form or a diagram so you will needa jot down many notes. One point to note is that the lecture notes are not all the theories to be tested, those theories listed in the quiz answer will also be tested.He uses a blended learning method which students need to watch the video at home and go to lecture for review and class exercise. Due to this, usually only one lecture is required to attend per week. However, I think that he does't teach well through the video and I don't always watch video up to time as I may not have time. Moreover, at the first half of the courses, he doesn't provide model answers to us and always said "this answer can be corrected if xxxxx, and that one may also be right" which confused us a lot. Later, he sometimes provide us with model answer, which shows at least he is willing to listen to us and improveThe content was really interesting. It discussed how to make good decisions and how we could learn from people's mistakes.Ronald was really fun and passionate. His lectures were mostly in form of playing case study video regarding an incident for the first part, and discussion on the decisions involved for the latter part.1. Decision Making
2. Decision Making Frameworks
3. Critical Thinking
4. Analytical Methods
5. Statistical Thinking
6. Probability
7. Decision Trees
8. Analytical Hierarchy Process
Similar Content in each year semester.The teaching is quite interesting. He provide a lot of examples for us. Mostly the final exam questions are coming from the examples that he provide for us.Most interesting content I've laid my eyes upon. From prisoners to pirates to airplane crash in one lecture. Learn how to abuse and exploit and scam systems with statistics! Textbook is optional (hooray!). No midterm, only project and final exam. The only group work that doesn't make me hate my groupmates because everyoBest lecturer in HKUST by far. Very well spoken and clear english. Conveys the lecture smoothly and in an engaging way. Forces you to participate in class in a good way by using the students as test subjects for statistical games (very fun!). This professor is awesome.Easy theoretical concepts, illustrated with simplified real life examples.

Textbook not necessary, everything is available on Canvas and explained in detail.Advocate reading material before class and having interactive class with games and discussions. Encourage paying attention and asking questions.
Like to have name cards on desk.
May need time to adapt to Professor's accent.Very simple content which relates to many OM concepts. it is beneficial to OM major students.the professor is boring but easy to follow in class. there are in-class games sometimes which will appear in final exam so you mau need to copy those game results in books.The range of content is wide enough to cover everything from excel using to AR/VR. The context is just too wide and shallow, a lot the content is repeating and meaningless. Sometimes reading the context is difficult and miserable as the sentences are very long and containing a lot of ''which'', "by referring"..... to be simple, hard to read. As for the content itself, a lot but meaningless, difficult to look for key point to revise.Teaching was really poor. This course basically expected you to self-learning but actually teaching you anything. Professor always said, my friend did you read the context on canvas my friend? He literally expected you to understand the content and he will simply brief you through it during the lesson. Plus his English is too terrible, any P.6 student is better than him. Impossible to listen to conclude.Very interesting course
Involves a little bit maths but formulas and examples are presented in the ppt.the professor 's accent is hard to understandGroup Weight
Participation 20%
Assignment 15%
Group Project 15%
Final 50%
Total 100%
____________________________________
haven't done revision before final but fulfilled participation (just missed 6 ) ,group projects and assignments
Total: 82.15% -> C-

________________________
Course grade distribution
    A 10% - 20%             

     B 25% - 40%

     C 35% - 45%             

     D   5% - 10%            

     F   0% -   5%No midterm
have a quiz each week (7 Quizes )
two group projects(Proposal+Video presentation)
Group Project Video,  
7-10 minute Youtube video (audio/video, and/or presentation format). Think of it as a recorded presentation with some audio/video appended.
Groups of 4 can be formed by students on their own for the group project video.
The topic is to be decided by the group no later than October 30th. The objective is to analyze the key decisions at the day-to-day, or tactical, or strategic level for any organization, company, or business.
There should be three parts to the study: (i) the description of the decision-making environment, (ii) the key decisions and decision processes that drive success (or failure) in that environment, and (iii) any tools and technologies that either currently help them improve performance or that could help improve performance if implemented.
Field work is recommended for this group project, with data acquired first hand through observation or interviews.
Projects that (correctly and relevantly) apply the concepts discussed in this course are likely to be graded more favorably, since the goal of the project work is to apply the course concepts to real-life business and organizational contexts.
Groups can be formed by students in the same section. At the end of week 4 if there are still students without groups I will help match them to form a group.
I will make myself available for office hours sometime after the proposal is submitted if you need comment on the group proposal.
All students in a group will receive the same grade unless negative (or positive) feedback is received from team-mates as to the level of participation.

2 group assignments including maths calculation(some of them are difficult need to search in Youtube for explanation)
FinalThe topics include:
Importance of Structured Decision Making
Decision Traps & Basic Decision Making Frameworks
Basic Decision Making Frameworks
Critical Thinking Skills
Analytical Methods
Statistical Thinking & Basic Probability
Basic Probability and Probabilistic Decision Making
Decision Trees

At the beginning, it includes some introduction of decision making in business and thinking styles. It also introduces some logic thinking. After that, you can learn some decision theory and statistics but don't expect the computation skills will be deep and difficult.Someone said that Ronald taught well in regular semester, but the teaching by professor GURUMURTHI in my semester is just fair. His pronounciation and accent were troubles for me.
But he is nice and used lots of daily examples in the lesson. He also encouraged us to read more before and after lessons through class activities.Topics include:
Importance of Structured Decision Making
Decision Traps & Basic Decision Making Frameworks
Basic Decision Making Frameworks
Critical Thinking Skills
Analytical Methods
Statistical Thinking & Basic Probability
Basic Probability and Probabilistic Decision-Making
Decision Trees
Spreadsheet Tools
Multi-Criteria and Interactive Decision Making
The content is ok, some of the chapters are quite boring and not particularly useful. But as a Common Core SSC it's fine.The professor is quite interactive and uses games, quizzes and activities in almost every class to make it more fun. Yet some of the lectures turn out to be quite boring. Attending class is important as there is attendance taken through completion of group activities in every class.Content is very easy to understand. Textbook is not necessary, only slides and reading materials on canvas will be tested in exams. Some models involve basic statistical calculation, but if you have taken isom 2500, it won't be difficult at all.A lot of games and discussion during lecture. Only one lecture (1.5 hrs) per week. But no cell phones / sleeping in class.Content is easy to understand and covers mostly statistics and logical problems. Memorizing terms and such are not important and the book in not needed as the course notes are easy enough to understand.Teaching is done through games and group activities in class that affect participation but mostly just covers course notes online so reading ahead will help gain participation marks.The content for this course is easy and a lot of it is just logic and some high school probability and statistics. No need to buy the textbook, notes from course webpage is more than sufficient for examination purposes. But honestly speaking, don't expect to learn a lot of practical business knowledge from this course, it is more of an introduction to different business analytical tools and concepts.GURUMURTH's voice is clear and pleasant to hear, some of the games played in class are quite interesting. Try not to skip classes too frequently because there are some in-class participation bonus points that you can get from playing those games.The content was interesting and you learn a to of new, interesting things related to various aspects.He is kind of boring at times, and not many people in the class participate. But if you do, there is a high chance he will like you more compared to others.Grading in terms of the assignment is good if you put the effort in and do what he tells you to do. The exam is a open book multiple choice, which is tricky but ok.There is decent amount of workload because there are 2 main group assignments and 1 group project. If you complete the group assignments with care, you will score high marks.
There are also weekly quizzes that you have to complete.The course is only available in winter semester as a 2-week intensive course.

As seen from the course description, the course content are mostly above technology of communication. The course focuses on wireless communication technologies such as mobile phone service, WiFi and its related technical issues. Some history of telecommunication, especially of the US and HK will be covered.

Personally I think the content of the course is quite intriguing. Living In a metropolitan nowadays you may find wireless communications compulsory, but you may not know how the quality is assured. The course provides loads of detailed background of telecommunications and allows students to appreciate the technologies and rationales of policies of wireless communications in different regions.

The course is suitable for people who really prefer learn new stuff  to good grade, though grade is quite fair too.Accent: although the professor is from mainland China, his accent of speaking English is not difficult to understand.

Context: The professor is so knowledgeable in this ground of study. This may be the reason that he can provide loads of interesting facts and examples during class. He even shares his own research contents and share his opinions to the class on some issues of information infrastructure and policy.The content is not difficult to handle. Although the course is run in just two-week time, I don't feel suffocated since many examples of the course is from real-world, like Japan DOCOMO, Korea, United States AT&T.Video available after class. Some long questions are based on what professor said in class, which is not written on lecture notes. MC+Fill in the blanks+Long question (around 30+30+40). The long question are not asking you to write essays, just listing of points.
Midterm is take-home canvas. You can try google them, but I am sure you will not find them. I see someone asking them in some technical forum, but I see that these questions are very soon being banned by the forum administrator (they may know you are asking exam questions....)Content in this course is nothing difficult to understand. With lecture videos provided, you can easily comprehend the course materials even without going to class. This course talks about the telecommunication industry/ regulation and have many real life examples included. Professor would also invite some guest speakers in the last lecture to share about future trend in telecom/ daily operations & regulation in the industry.Professor's tone might be a bit boring considering that this is a 3-hour lecture. However, professor Xu is definitely an expert in the industry and you can learn much from him if you pay attention.Then content is informative. Both technology and history will be mentioned in lecture notes. The history part may not be tested in mid-term but it was tested in this semester so remember to jot down some historical facts on cheat sheet or just remember all of them if you want to score high marks.

The number of pages of lecture notes is always about 100 pages and most of the pages has only pictures. You may need to pay attention on what professor said in lecture.

Lecture videos are provided.The professor is knowledgeable but sometimes the content of lecture is not really relevant to the topic.1. Technical Stuff about telecom (modulation, demodulation)
2. History of telecom
3. Policies of telecom
4. Marketing stuff of telecom

Overall: quite interesting but may get bored due to the intensiveness of the courseThe professor is from the EMBA, and teaching is really good.
The professor is from mainland but his English is adequate.Too tedious, Not going to be useful in the later life.
Very detailed.Good guy, he seemed passionate about what he is teaching. He was a head? of EMBA school. His delivery was good.Good grading. Received A with fair amount of work.2 weeks of concentrated lectures, and good outline of workload with tests. He allowed people to have the mid term as a homework, so I suggest that you do it with group of friends. there is also a cheet sheet you can use for the final.The powerpoint is not quite clear. He gives us many examples for each point. Therefore, if we just look at the powerpoint, it's hard for us to know all about the contents. As a result, it is recommended that you should get into the lecture everydayProfessor used to giving us many examples in order to elaborate more about his teaching, such that we can fully understand the point of each contentTopics mainly include basic signal and telecommunications technology, development of telecommunications industry in Hong Kong and America, global regulatory framework of communications industry, innovation and Web 2.0 and convergence of communications service.Informative. The professor teaches and explains a lot of content which are not on the powerpoint slides so you have to pay attention and jot notes for your understanding.

Nice professor.Many lectures notes, as everyday 3.5 hours lesson, but it does have lecture video, so it's ok to not attend the lesson. It teaches about some histories of technology and telecommunication. It's a bit boring and many people studied this course, so maybe a bit competitive.Had lecture videos, has little break after 1 hour lesson.Mostly about the history, principle, future development of telecommunication.
The content is very board and the lecture notes are thick as hell
It is too intensive for a winter course3 hrs every day and lasted for 2 weeks
Have lecture video on canvas, but it is too long
and the sound of the video difficult to hear.This course introduces some basic knowledge about telecommunication infrastructure, such as how it works, some relevant history about its development and what's the current infrastructure on our telecom. After this course, you will definitely learn something.The instructor is quite knowledgeable, and illustrate all the materials detailed. Actually, I encourage you to go to the class every day, it is much better to understand the materials. In addition, he can also answer all the questions if you have one after class.The course materials are easy to understand, basically the course covers the policies and histories of the telecommunication industry.The professor explains everything clearly. He had video taped the lecture for students to revise after lesson, it is strongly advised to attend the lesson although there are lecture videos.The winter course was really intensive. The professor made it pretty condense-only 2 weeks! The first part covered information infrastructure, with a lot of technical concepts explained. The second part covered a lot of "policy", "history" concepts of the telecom industry. He explained everything in a pretty clear way, but I have to say some of the words he used on lecture notes were a bit difficult to follow. It would be better if you reach out and ask further explanation after class.He explained everything pretty clear. The exam was mainly to test a lot of details in the lecture-very very detailed!!The contents are original and board. However, be prepared to be familiar with that much of content. You'll need to apply it to the exam. There are also quite a lot of readings which probably you will not have time to read just in two weeks. So, focus on understanding the lectures. Go kill yourself if you sleep in this class! You won't sleep in the cinema, don't you?I don't know the professor personally. He is quite good I think, we rushed up to the front after lecture and ask him questions for almost half an hour, and he explained with clarity and gave us insights. One thing must note is that he is very well versed in the field, some of the readings are written by him..This course teaches basic data mining technique, including:
Decision Tree Learning
Linear Regression and Bias-Variance Tradeoff
Logistic regression
Naïve Bayes Learning
Text Analytics
Association Rule Learning
Clustering Analysis
Nearest Neighbor Classification
Ensemble Learning
Search Engine Technology

(ref to syllabus for more details)Lecture:
Since the PPT slides contain a lot of graphs and formulas, which were not self-explanatory, it would takes you a lot of time to self-learn if you do not attend Jia jia's lectures. Reading the relevant chapters in the recommended textbooks would be helpful for preparing quizzes and exams as you might see some familiar graphs.  
The course emphasizes on understanding of the idea/theory behind the data mining techniques, therefore, attending lecture and reading the textbook are important.

Lab:
Sophie (Jiaying) walk us through the steps in using Weka and Azure with some data sets for us to practice. During the lab, you have to complete a one-sided worksheet which is quite easy.one of the most useful courses in business school which teaches you finding hidden trend and patterns in marketing, finances, basically anything in anyfield (Please note that no specific marketing or finance things are taught, no worries even you have no background).
After the course, you can have a very good insights about future business intuition by making use of data instead of intuitive guess.professor is very responsible. Very detailed explaination and teaching materials. He will have consultation section before midterm and final. You must be able to grab the content from him if you want to.This course is about data mining, teaching you how to find useful information from raw data.
you will learn to use RapidMiner and Microsoft Azure.The slides are clear. However, sometimes the instructor cannot explain the concept very well. Student might get struggle.The final exam score was not released.
The grading is normal.

The grade breakdown is as follows:
1. Lab participation: 10%
2. Homework (3): 30%
3. Midterm quiz: 30%
4. Final exam: 30%You need to attend the lab for the participation. The lecture do not take attendance.

The most of the assignments require the use of RapidMiner and Microsoft Azure.

The workload is normal.Learnt the use of RapidMiner and Microsoft Azure. Some lectures talk about the concepts.The slides are clear. But he could not explain the content well. The classmates always cannoy get what he means and the whole class always stuggle for a minor point for the whole class.The contents learnt in the courses is not too hard. You do not need to have any prior knowledge to help you understand the concepts.The professor will only teach base on the PowerPoint. Therefore, it may be quite boring to study his lectures. For me, I do not attend much of his lectures, but turn out I get a good grade by just study hard of his notesThis course mainly focus on understanding the business application of data mining techniques, and give u a brief idea on the various techniques.
Most of the time, you will use the software called Weka to do data mining. It is not too complicated as long as you pay attention in class and read the suggested textbook.Well to be honest, I think her teaching is boring and sometimes hard to understand. And by purely looking at the ppt notes, you might not know what it is talking about, so you are highly encourage to attend the lesson and listen and ask questions after class. Lab sessions are easy, the TA teaches quite well and she will give out the answer at the end of each session. Labs are mainly teaching you how to use Weka and cover a small part on Microsoft Azure.data mining, decision tree, logistic regression, naive Bayes rule learning, text mining, Descriptive data mining, unsupervised algorithms, association rule learning, clustering analysis, nearest neighbour, search engine analytics.Prof is willing to answer any questions raised. Lectures are fun. Lecture notes can be easy understood.

Instructor of tutorial session is nice. She is also willing to answer any questions.It was actually quite useful when you mentioned you have SQL, Oracle forms related knowledge during an interview. As the instructor always said, and as I agreed, this course is one of the few courses where you can write down what you have learnt in your CV.I think both of the professor and TA was highly attendable. They will address your problems and reply your emails as if they were using instant messages.This course covers the basics of project management, including topics such as project selection, project planning, risk management, project control and organisational issues. The content loosely follows the textbook structure, however I would say that the textbook isn't necessary unless you want to do extra practice problems when revising.Prof. Li is extremely interesting and I really enjoyed his teaching style. He gives students plenty of opportunities to participate in class discussions (with the added incentive of participation cards which contribute to your grade), and he also includes plenty of real-life examples to fully illustrate the theory or concept that is being presented. He's also very approachable and if you have any questions about the course content or otherwise, he's extremely helpful in answering questions. :)Introducing the steps and procedures involved in managing different projects from start to the end. Also talked a bit on some advanced network diagrams (e.g. lag time, start to start relationship, finish to finish relationship etc). I think it's very interesting.
Also have 5 lab sessions to attend, make sure you wont skip the lab sessions though cuz u'll have to hand in assignment at the end (you'll get full marks if you have attended the session). MS project is quite a useful tool in project management.Very organized and clear.
Make sure you'll answer his questions from time to time cuz he got participation cards, but I only get 3 cards at the end, my grades is still fine.The course introduced project management in various aspects, points to note, concept like lag time and using software to better manage it. The software is very useful and I really learnt something in this course!I do enjoy Li, Qing's teaching style, very organized and easy to follow.This course taught us concepts on project management, from the start to the finish of a project. There were 5 labs teaching us how to use the MS Project software which were quite useful.The professor was very helpful and the teaching was very clear. He encouraged participation in class and was not boring at all.The course is quite useful and related to the reality.   It teaches you how to use MS Project which I think seldom used by actual companies since companies usually have their own PM tool or just use Excel.Sometimes is boring but the content is useful.Basic ideas and procedures of setting up a project. Understanding risks, budget planning etc... It really depends on your interest about project management.Sometimes didn't understand what he was talking about.If you want to get a good grade, you need to answer questions, preferably every class! They were open-end questions so you wouldn't feel stressed to get the "right" answer.

There might be a 1-page reading at the end of the lecture. He would give you a couple of minutes and would encourage the class to discuss ideas based on it.

He started class right on time, not even 1 minute late.

There's a group project which asked students to prepare a pitch and business plan for a start-up idea to be launched in the Chinese/HK market. It could be any idea - exiting ones, or sth from your own. This business idea would be the core part of your group project for the rest of your semester.The ideas about entrepreneurship and innovation were easy to understand. The prof explained them clearly with a lot of real-life examples.

Around 1 week before the Mid Term, he would post the lecture videos on Canvas.

For the group project, he was very willing to meet with students to discuss how to improve our presentation. He would post time slots on Canvas and you could sign up.Content is relatively easy to digest similar to ISOM 1380. Majority is theory based and he uses real life case studies every class.By far one of my favourite professors at HKUST. Always very approachable and so efficient in terms of keeping to the schedule. Also he's very engaging in class.Grading is pretty good. Participation and attendance is a must if you want to get into the A range. If he remembers your name then that's definitely a good sign.

Mean was relatively high for the midterm so memorising key words per concept is important to get those full marks.Midterm is 40% and there is no final at all. The midterm was relatively easy, and if you pay attention in class and know the concepts then you should be fine.

One project is needed focused on a technology startup to pitch to the class. Includes 3 presentations and 1 final report. Requires a few meetings for group project.

Also make sure you discuss with him prior to the first presentation to finalise the product you want to pitch,  he will voice his concerns and you can address that in your pitch.Really engaging content generally, sometimes the theory can get a bit repetitive and boring but in general very enjoyable content!Best professor hands down, each class is engaging and thats down to him.He is a fair grader, if you contribute in class discussions and do the basic level of work you should be fine! Midterm and final but he goes out of his way to help students prepare. Mid term and Final require a bit of memorisation but if you attend lectures you should be fine.Workload is average. Group project requires both presentation and report. This should not take more than a few meetings and preparation for the presentation. In terms of content, there is quite a bit to memorise however - the exams are non cumulative.It is indeed very hard and complicated.  It is fast changing, thus hard to find comprehensive tutorial online too.  Frankly Jiajia is not sure about some topics.Jiajia cannot express himself freely in English most of the time, but he tries to do it slowly in classFair, attend all labs and assignments is not that hard, can consult TA who is helpful if neededAcceptable.  No final exam might be a plus for some of you, but you need to team up to finish a group project, quite a lot of time needed for that.Please read the syllabus as attached - thank you.

The textbook isn't very useful despite the really good exercises after each chapter - uh... it doesn't come with solutions so you can't really see if you're right or not - UNLESS you go and ask your prof/ TA.  (but rest assured your exam will definitely be easier than the minicases/ exercises).

Otherwise, they're really useful if you're interested in becoming a business analyst - I hear they're in high demand now in the job market.  Even better thing is that you get to learn all the industry standards here.Both instructors are very nice people, and if you pay enough attention/ participated enough for them to remember you, your life would probably be easier in the course.
----------------------------------------------------------------------
This section is for Jiajia -
As I see it, he really wants to tell you everything, including the theoretical basis of some common practices in donig UML diagrams.  If you already have a good foundation on how to deal with the diagrams, the theoretical background can do you good.
Otherwise you'll probably end up getting a bit (or very) confused.

This section is for Chris -
He can present all that very clearly... and is very willing to answer questions you raise... except that you have to come prepared. Do not waste his time or he may end up "west-facing" you.
Otherwise, he's very nice and friendly but don't expect him to be in a good mood at all times - he's a human being alright...
(PS yes I do prefer Chris over Jiajia - I guess it's because I understand English a lot better than Mandarin, in which Jiajia would express much clearer)Learning stuff about how to design a good system, the course content is all about drawing different diagrams, like Use Case Diagram, Class Diagram, Sequence Diagram and Behavioral State Machine Diagram. There will be a project for you to apply all you learnt in the lecture.Xiaojun is my lecturer and he teaches in an active way with a lot of daily examples and stories in the lecture, but you will have to watch the video first yourself before going to the lecture as it applies blended learning. That means you just have to attend the lecture once a week instead of two. For me the tutorial is kinda same as the lecture but with a more comprehensive case to demonstrate the things you learnt. Samuel is a very good TA with wide range of knowledge, and he is friendly and funny.By taking this course you will learn the Info System development process and know how to draw standard diagrams for the system design. Concepts and skills acquired in this are highly related to the other courses for IS major students. Having some programming related knowledge would be an advantage.The content of this course is relatively easy so I personally not so focused during the lectures. As for the lab, ex about drawing diagrams are provided and make sure you can draw all of them instead of copying Chris's ans. Same for the diagrams shown in the lecture slides.

Jia Jia and Chris are nice and willing to help. But sometimes they may give opposite opinions so please judge by yourself.

For the project, my suggestion is to start ASAP soon after your group's idea is accepted by TA. In the second half of the progress, if you want to seek help from TA/Prof, it's better to do that ASAP. Otherwise you may not have chance to meet them in person except for the assigned time-slot during consultation period.This course provide an overview of fundamental principles of IS development methodologies, mainly about Unified Modeling Language (UML).Both of the Instructors are friendly. You are very  welcome to ask question after class.

There are many class discussion time during lecture for you to do exercise and ask questions.A introduction course to the Unified Modeling Language (UML) , a general-purpose, developmental, modeling language in the field of software engineering, that is intended to provide a standard way to visualize the design of a system.

Just for you to know more, my CS and CPEG friend told me that they kill this topic within 3 lectures in a particular courseProf. ZHANG teaches very well and he is quite nice. As he came from Guangdong , you can simply interact with him in Catonese.

For T.A. Chris, please be careful while asking his help because he doesn't like people to bother him, he actually announced all 3210 student that he would not accept for most of the special request (paper checking , further consultation for the group project  etc.). The best way to approach him is Email, he will reply you within 2-hour at most of the time.Mainly teach about object oriented modelling and Unified Modelling Languages.

There are quite a term to memorize, but the concept is simple. It is very important to have consistency throughout all the figures and graph you write or else you would be deducted a lot of marks.Prof. Xiaojun comes from Guangdong, therefore you can ask him questions in Cantonese which I found very 'user-friendly'. He listens to students opinion a lot and make improvement on learning experience.

However, I don't quite like the teaching style of TA Chris, as he sometimes gives contradict opinions and confusing answers. He got a bad temper too which he sent an message to all 3210 students to ask us not to send him email for additional paper checking lol
He will not be ISOM dept TA start from 16-17 Spring, so I think this may not be a problem later.Topics: how to write use cases and its description, flow of event, actors...

Diagram: Use case diagram, class diagram, sequence diagram, behavioral machine diagram.

Actually, the content taught is not difficult to understand, you just need to clear the concepts behind different examples.

There are suggested textbook but not needed. The lectures notes and lab worksheets are enough for understanding.The way Jia Jia explained things are a little bit confused and may not be so organized. It is actually quite hard to understand. But he would provide many real-life example that you can take a look.

On the contrary, Chris's teaching is much better. Maybe sometime he will explain things in Cantonese and will try to make sure everyone can understand the topic.

Both of them are willing to help us. Btw, Chris said he will leave the IS department, so in the following semester, he may not be the TA anymore.Leading students to design a software system by using different useful diagrams. All the courses materials are related to those diagrams. Interesting content, and have a lot of space for students to think and design their own apps.It is hardly to understand what JiaJia is talking about. But he would mainly follow his ppt in lecture. He would provide printed ppt during lecture, most of the context is simple and easy to understand. By the way JiaJia could recognize most students in the class and find out if you miss a class.The course is basically about designing an information system, e.g. a system of a mobile app. The syllabus is quite simple as the course mainly targets on teaching some techniques and requirements of plotting necessary graphs for information system design.Prof and TA are really willing to help and give useful guidelines. Prof gives quite a lot of time for practicing the techniques in class so students are quite easy to catch up the content.It's one of my favorite course in UST. It includes practical usage of Excel and methodologies of solving business problems by cool combinations of functions. If you like the magic of seeing problems solved after a few click, it's for you!The professor has my high regard. He's very patient, gentle and approachable. He is never bothered by any questions in class. And he'll be glad to answer after class as well.

Speed of talking- perfectThis course mainly focuses on optimisation, problem solving and decision making. Rather than focusing specific theories or frameworks (like you would encounter in most of the other courses), the professor introduces various problems each class, and the class time is spent in thinking about how to solve these problems logically, and then using Excel (and related Excel functions like Solver) to solve these problems.

For people who like studying out a textbook with a clear syllabus and topic list, I think this course will be quite interesting (and challenging) in the beginning, since there are no lecture notes provided, per say.

The content itself is very interesting, and you get to learn a lot about different Excel features and functions (I certainly learnt a lot of useful functions). A lot of the things you learn can be applied in various other courses, like workforce scheduling, production optimisation, logistics, etc.

As a required course for the OM major, I would definitely say that the course is quite fascinating, practical and useful.Professor Zhang is a very friendly and helpful professor, and he's very willing to answer any questions you may have (through email or face-to-face). Initially, you might find the style of teaching a bit different, as you spend the entire lesson going through 4-5 Excel files and solving various problems. If you can get used to this style of learning, then I find that you will definitely be able to appreciate Prof. Zhang's teaching.Very interesting content. Learning about optimizing routes to take, or number of employees to hire. Very logical, so it was quite fun.Professor is amazing. He has a very hands on approach and gives you chance to ask questions. Very easy to understand, and makes the class quite fun. HOWEVER, the TA's were so bad! I stopped going to the tutorials because you could not understand the TA's at all. The female TA, Ms. Xinli Xie, spoke so softly and with terrible english that I wanted to kill myself in every tutorial I went. Honestly, she should have been removed because she was of no help. Even the male TA, Mr. Haoyu Liu, spoke in a monotonous tone which made it very hard to understand. The TA's should have been fired because they sucked.Very useful content as this course teaches a lot of excel skills that might be useful in your intern. It only covers 6 chapters.Professor Zheng is very friendly. If you ask him questions, he is willing to answer. Yet, sometimes the speed for his demonstration for using Excel is quite fast. Usually, he starts the demo slow at the beginning of the class, and get faster and faster when the examples are getting more challenging. Pay attention in class. Otherwise, if you miss one step, you may be completely lost in the remaining of the class.The course include a lot of practical skills in Excel. It will teach you how to use slover, slover table, pivot table, and some useful modeling skills.Each lesson the instructor would have some example problem to demonstrate the skills. The instructor teach very slowly, it would give you plenty of time to try solving the problem, then it would solve it himself and show the most effective way.This course is very practical. We learn in class mainly by doing examples. The lecture is like an Excel lab. Topics such as breakeven analysis, product mix, investment plan and shipping plan (in order to minimise costs and maximise profits, etc.) are discussed. Lecture notes (in ppt format) and exercises are provided. Attendance is taken for 5 times and you can get full mark for this part if you don't miss more than twice.

Ch 2: Introduction to spreadsheet modeling  Ch 3: Introduction to optimization modeling  Ch 4: Linear Programming models
Ch 5: Network models
Ch 6: Optimization models with integer variables
Ch 7: Nonlinear optimization modelsThe teaching is fast, as you may need to listen to the explanations while doing the examples. The professor tried to ask questions to make us more involved, but sometimes no one could follow and respond.Quite practical.
Basic excel course with many useful functions taught.
Mostly focus on solving linear and non -linear problems using Solver.
For example, some integer linear problems, networking logistic problems. They are quite interesting.A bit dull.
Fast when he demonstrates his examples during class. You need to pay attention, if not, you will be lost.
So don't be afraid to ask questions because if no questions raised, he will think you guys are ok with that and started to talk a lot more faster.Basically a course on how to use Excel to solve problems. Teaches how to use Solver and SolverTable. The material is very useful, but gets hard towards the end. Mainly covers linear programming and some integer programming. The professor talks about business applications in class. He said he had several students who took his course, and after graduation, came back and told him how useful the material is at work.Ok la. Professor teaches quite slowly.Useful
it teaches the constrained optimisation and decision making which are very useful in the business operations.quite boring
the instructor was late for class sometimes.
The TA is not very helpful sometimes.reasonable
the mean for the course is quite high ie. around 80-90 percent.
the exam questions are mostly coming from the assignment and examples from class. So, it is extremely important to finish them all before exam and mid-term.reasonable
there are two mid-exam and one final exam accouting for 60 percent. There are assignments assigned by the instructor but they are not mandatory.Guiding students to use excel and solver to solve some problems, mainly linear equation. Usually those problems are related to our live, say resources allocation. The course is quite practical to students. If you are good at excel or you have bought the textbook, you don't have to go to the class actually.Professor speak very clear, not very fast and make sure you can follow him.The content discussed in the course is extremely useful when working for companies. It presents essentials of Excel such as Pivot Tables or Linear programming which one would probably not really know in-depth otherwise.No CommentExcel functions and linear programmingGreat, light accent, clear explanationMidterm: 20% (Ch1- Part of Ch3)
Attendance: 6% (take 5 times, get 4 for full)
HW: 10% (3 times)
Final: 64% (Ch3 - Ch7)

Most of us get full mark or nearly full mark in midterm, attendence and HW, so your grade depends only on final.

Final data:
From the graph, >25% people get full mark, mean: 83.4, median must be higher than that, about 85-88. Which means if you did it wrong for one question(about 16%) in final, you are done.

But I think the grading is quite good, overall 92%, I got an A. Maybe this course uses absolute grading.3 HW assignments about cases on textbook,  quite hard, but you can do them in group of 3.Content is interesting, this course will provide a broad perspective about technology and innovation. Although if you're aiming for good grade & are probably engineering students, you should take other SSC course. But, if you're here just for fun, I'd recommend taking this course.Professor teaches very well, he understands how to teach in an interesting way. Although I don't want to exaggerate, his class is one of not many classes in which I don't fall asleep during the lecture.You will learn several concepts to better understand the nature of technological innovations( switching cost, network externality)

You will learn what to consider to achieve successful innovations (different analysis methodologies like porter 5 model ... will be introduced)

Also, you will find many interesting real world examples of technological innovations (Uber, Tesla)Professor did a great job in teaching. Even though the lectures are freakin long (3.5 hours), professor Hong still managed pretty well. He gave us plenty of breaks and funny moments.Because this was a summer course, lectures were long but it wasn't so bad because professot made lots of jokes.  The content was very interesting and we learned several examples in class like Google, IBM, and Uber. I'd say this is one of the most interesting course I've takenVery funny guy--kept class engaged even though lectures were terribly longThe content is very useful and interesting... Definitely get to learn quite a few key terms and ideas... Might get a little bored during some topics (dragged for a long time)...Teaching is really good and interactive. The professor knows how to make the class interesting and his slides are one of the best parts about the course.Content is very interesting and meaningful. Professor includes modern day examples to keep things applicable.Professor Jeevan is a great professor who uses various media to teach, including in class activities and experiments, and group discussions. Additionally, he fosters creativity and motivates students to voice their different opinions through debates.The content is interesting. Real life examples are used to explain the course content. The content is about how creative ideas should be generated within an organisation, types of innovation around the world, how timing affect the product cycle.

Attendance is important, group work which professor will randomly assign group-mates. Peer evaluation needed. The group work is about one of the 50 smartest companies in 2017. No quizzes. No midterm. Just Final.Boring.
I know Hong has try to keep us awake by using his own examples, usually the failed ones, still my mind drift away...Since I studied in the winter semester, it is unfair for me to give you the correct content for you if you are going to take this course in the fall/ spring semester.

There are seven power points that professors gave to us. The content includes why we need to have innovation, examples about innovations, how to conduct innovations, qualifications that need to conduct an innovation, timing, some models and analysis.

Easy to learn, since you don't need to remember anything at all, the power points are full of examples which you don't need to memorize at all.

Actually, the professor only taught a few key words, like knowledge, timing that common sense things, that's why a lot of people want to take this course, since the content is very very easy. You can just go to the lecture and listen some interesting stories.There are total 6 notes.
Each one is very easy, if you have common sense and attend the class, you will understand them well.
This course is about innovation, how a technology companies be so successful, what is their strategy.
But I think the content is a little bit boring.Although the content is boring,but professor Hong is very good. He is a Korean, and gives a lot of interesting example to help us understand the theory well. Each class has a 10 minutes break.You do not really get to learn much about anything practical. However, there are a tons of case studies and examples about how big tech companies in the world now became big tech companies. Just a bunch of very chill stuffs.The professor would share a lot of examples and case studies during the class. He would get very excited if you would talk to him about those examples. Attendance would be taken irregularly - he would take attendance in 5 lectures, with no pattern at all.The content is really interesting. He combined theoretical knowledge and examples together. Since the course is about innovation. So he gave us lots of innovative companies and their products, which really broaden my mind. And in the latter study, I mean in other courses. I use lots of knowledge I learned from this course.His English is really good! And of course, the class is really full, not easy to get enrolled.1 final exam, 1 group project (presentation only)Interesting models explained with many examples that are easy to understand and memorize. The content is useful in business and related to our daily life.

The PPT are well prepared and you could basically study all of the PPT and readings(not too much) which will be enough for your exam.

Kim will take attendance randomly and you will have one chance to miss it. Kind enough.His teaching is very good and he is a nice person. He tried to interact with us so don't be shy to answer questions in class as this could help scoring high in the class participation.The content is interesting and it stimulated my interest in start-ups and innovations. A lot of examples and case studies were given so you can better understand the concepts. This course is not difficult as long as you go to class and read the materials given by him. There are also lecture videos so if you miss the class you can still catch up.The professor is  very chill. He loves to ask questions/answer questions. If you are are more active in class, he will give you a higher participation marks (out of 7) which can affect your grade quite a lot.Content is interesting, would suggest people in year 1or 2 to take it, it's a fun common core to take when you're starting uni. The material isn't hard to understand, he discusses everything in detail during class and the book isn't required either. Make lots of notes!Jeevan Jaisingh is awesome! He keeps the classes interesting and interactive, and has group activities planned during some of the sessions.The course content is really interesting. It started by describing the basic concepts of innovation for the first part. After that, the course talks about how the society adopts and protects innovation. At the end, it will walk through the process that innovative company turns an idea into a real product.The professor is really passionate. As there will be case distributed in class for class discussion, he is able to guide students to think from multiple perspectives.Useful content, talking about how innovation impacts different companies nowadays. A lot of case studies and concepts to learn from this course. It is useful for people who wants to start-up or work in the technology sector.The professor was very great. He encouraged a lot of debates and discussion during the class. We learnt a lot from those case studies.It covers a lot of famous case studies in the course, which is helpful in our learning and.. just makes everything more interesting, as you must have seen those things in your day to day life, the case studies tell you where they come from and how they were born. The course also analyses innovation trends and how it interacts with the market.Prof. Jeevan teaches with responsibility, he answers student's questions very willingly and has an easy-followed logic.Regarding technology and innovation.  There would be a group project regarding how businesses adopt the innovative DNA by the end of the semester.He would include a lot of case studies regarding real-world business practices and how businesses implement innovation inside business operations. In class discussions as well as mini class activities would be made.The course covered materials mainly about technology and innovation. Many models were taught with the support of real cases, which were applicable in business world.

There was an online platform for students to communicate and read the course materials. Sometimes professor would pose a topic for discussion.Professor Kim was very passionate about the topic and he encouraged lots of discussions among the classmates.

He would like to spend his own time to talk with students about things beyond the course materials.It covers a lot of interesting topics of technological advances. If you love to know about the evolution and growth pattern of technologies. This course would be your undoubted choice.This course describes the development of technology and innovation from social and business perspectives. It covers the technology side of innovations, how an invention can be developed into a successful commercial product, the role of innovation in society and how innovations are created from a socioeconomic perspective.The course is instructed in a very interactive manner. There will be a lot of fun in-class exercise.This course describes the evolution of technology from different perspectives. It also covers some theories for students to understand the development more deeply.
Course materials were easy to understand.

***Back to the days when I was attending this course, Prof. once played a video in class, (unluckily I skipped that class), then the video was covered by the final exam. He did not upload it or post the link to lmes as far as I remember, so avoid skipping class or else you are sacrificng your grade lolProf. Jeevan was good at explaining the flow of logic. He also did well in answering students' questions. Plus, he emphasized the importance of class contribution.

(PS. he didn't allow us to use any electronic device in lesson)This courses focuses on technology and innovation in a social and business perspective.

Through the implementation of various modern-day case studies, topics that include dynamics of technological innovation, the concept of network effects and platforms, open innovation/crowdsourcing platforms and product development are discussed throughout the semester.Professor Kim is an engaging and passionate professor. He creates a lecture environment where discussion and friendly debate is encouraged. His lecture presentations are well prepared with creative visual graphics.Very interesting content about current social innovtion, such as google glass, apple wallet. Many concepts with examplesVery interactive, encouraging teacher. Willing to answer students question.Grade is ok if you are willing to revise. Midterm is quite easy if u revise. Exam is more difficult. It is easy to get high marks in the group project.Workload is not so heavy, just a project about an innovative company, have to give presentation and write a report. Online discussion is required every week, it is a about the topic discussed during lesson.The content was pretty interesting, talking about innovations by various companies. As an ISOM course, it focused quite a bit on the business side of things.

Some of the things covered were technology diffusion, strategic analysis (like Porter's 5 force model), advantages of different organizational structures.The professor was pretty good. He managed to make 3.5-hour classes not unbearably boring. He doesn't mind if you do something on your laptop/phone.

There is an attendance component so if you don't want to miss that you are forced to attend. This year he took attendance 4 times in a row (out of 10ish classes).The content of the course is very informative as you get to learn new concepts.
You have to take notes yourself on the lecture notes provided by the instructor.The instructor is quite good and makes sure he explains the concepts properly. There are a few activities midst the classes to make to understand the concepts clearly. Even though the activities might not be very entertaining, they for sure make to relate to the concepts and remember them during the exam.Mainly introduction of operation management, real life examples, mainly from foreign countries included.Since it is winter course, time for a lesson is too long, and the professor spend too much time on a page, his tone is boring as well.I got C at last. I think is a bad grade course, although the content is not that difficult, but it seems that books and notes are not enough for handling the final exam, it got many questions that hard for us to understand.group projects, quiz and final exam are included. groups are assigned by professor/ TA.Someone has mentioned, i don't want to repeatI think its ok la, he is kind.Don't know about homework and attendance but should be around mean

Homework 10% each *2
Attendance 20% (2% per day, 10 iPrs questions per day= 0.2 per question, but sometimes Ronald use worksheet to replace iPrs)
Final open-book 2-hr 60-MCQs exam (with no quantitative elements)

My score 8.6/10 (for both homework)
Attendance 19.1/20
Exam: 48/60

Statistics (Final exam)
Mean=46.011/60
SD=7.506/60
Median=47/60
Maxiumum=58/60

Final grade: B (acceptable la, mean=B)Actually, i think the workload is lesser than the normal semester.

For Homework, I spend few hours to complete it and do some research.

For Attendance, just spend some time to look at the powerpoint or just watch other can already get high marks. But I remember some questions (less than 2-3) are tricky, more than >70% classmates get the wrong answer. You can do Canvas to top up your marks, but remember do it on the same night.

For Final, I advise you to buy a book as it is very useful. You can find everything in the book. As a lazy person, I just highlight the book according to his lecture notes. So during the exam, I just keep looking at the textbook and find the answer. If you follow his lecture notes and highlight, I guarantee you get similar marks with me. To gain higher marks, be familiar with the textbook and you will get A range for sure/*
* First I hv to apologise for my poor
* eng writing skills as I really write thz
* in a hurry...
*/

1. Introduction & Sustainability Issues
1.1 Business Operations
1.2 Sustainability Issues

2. Creating a Sustainable Business
2.1 Strategic Analysis Tools
2.2 Impacts of Operational Issues on Sustainability
2.3 The Story of Stuff
2.4 The Business Logic of Sustainability

3. Strategic & Managerial Issues
3.1 From Business Strategy to Operations & Supply Chain Strategy
3.2 Measurement Metrics for Performance Improvement
3.3 The Story of Solutions

4. Product Design & Development
4.1 Product Life Cycle & Smiling Curve
4.2 Product Design Process
4.3 Design for Sustainability
4.4 Intellectual Property Protection
4.5 Shan Zhai

5. Process Design & Development
5.1 Types of Process Design
5.2 Breakeven Analysis
5.3 Facility Planning & Decisions
5.4 Process Analysis & Little's Law

6. Supplies & Sourcing
6.1 Strategic Sourcing
6.2 Suppliers Development
6.3 Supplier Performance Measure & Certification
6.4 Ethical Sourcing
6.5 Labor Issues at Foxconn

7. Synchronization Issues
7.1 Supply Chain Integration
7.2 Major Logistical Functions & Decisions
7.3 Technological Enablers for Synchronization

8. Value-added Transformation
8.1 Transformation Process
8.2 Theory of Constraints (TOC)
8.3 Product-Service Bundling
8.4 Sustainability Issues in Production

9. Control: Inventory & Quality
9.1 Functions & Costs of Inventory
9.2 ABC Inventory Classification
9.3 Quality & Cost of Quality
9.4 Quality Improvement & Management
9.5 Cost of Poor Quality

10. Lean & Green Business Practices
10.1 Operations Improvement
10.2 Just-in-time Production
10.3 Circular Economy
10.4 The High Price of Materialism
10.5 E-waste in Hong Kong

11 Marketing & Distribution
11.1 Making Supply Meet Demand
11.2 Customer Management & Life Time Value
11.3 The Trap of Materialism
11.4 Greenwashing

12 Social Business
12.1 Social Enterprises in Hong Kong
12.2 Case Study: Trade Without Borders

Overall, thz is a abt a brief, qualitative but not quantitative overview on the issues of operational management. There is not too much excitement but also not really boring, just kind of practical in a business senseProf teaches quite well, illustrates concepts with bunch of examples. After all he really do teaching for 20-30 years...

But one thing i dont really like abt him, is that he kind of gives a hard time students when taking attendance. Attendance counts for 20%, 2% for each lessons (initially). Most of them being dome in iPRS. Sometimes before playing some relevant videos, he would distribute worksheets in advance for us to drop down something to ans some Qs. But one time he caught us unprepared; playing several videos, with some explanations by him in btw. Then guess wht, after playing all, he suddenly distributed sheets, told us to ans LQs in only 10-20 min. That's really not a good way to treat students I would say.

And becoz of freq iPRS malfunctioning, in the last few lessons we are forced to ans make-up Qs abt the previous lectures. Those iPRS, for start, are scheduled at the beginning of a lesson, which make some students (not including me) unavoidably suffer. What make it more worse, is that those make-up Qs are abt some random videos he played. Some even req us to count the occurence of sth in the video. I believe everyone would agree it is not possible for a student to study "extra materials" in such a detailed way, at least for me it is the case. You may even here people's complains in a quite XXX way during the iPRS session.

From thz u can see how he treat students, considering that all of us are being serious to take thz cc at winter term.

Overall, he is a good teacher, but definitely not the king u would like to meet for cc.Sustainable business,
Supply chain from design to marketing,
Social enterprises are introduces in the course.
It deepens my understanding on social entreprises and their products which is quite interesting.Vivid illustration and examples are provided. He tells stories and case studies to help our understandings.This course is about general operational management mostly. Supply chain management, Quality, Logistics are the bigger chapters and the exam mostly focuses on them. There not much content in this course tho! not much to learn here but introduction to operational management is interesting.The professor is interesting. This answers questions, makes goods jokes... all in all he is a really good prof.There are in total 12 chapters and focus on business operations. About product, process, design and so on. But Ronald seemingly prefers to focus on sustainability and corporate social responsibility this kind of business ethics perspective.Ronald is undoubtedly an excellent teacher and he is quite humorous during class and tries to make every class as interesting as possible. Something brings out his family as an example to illustrate his point. But in fact many examples he mentions during the lecture, you can find it in the textbook required (except for his/his family own experience).There are 12 lectures, each lasts for 3 hours.
1.Introduction and Sustainability Issues
2.Creating a Sustainable Business
3.Strategic and Managerial Issues
4. Design and Development: Product
5.Design and Development: Process
and Sourcing
7.Synchronization Issues
8.Value-Added Transformation
9.Major Business Control Issues: Inventory and Quality
10.Lean and Green Business Practices
and Distribution
12.Becoming a Social Business
The textbook is written by the professor himself, you can use it in the final exam. Most PowerPoint slides are covered in the book.There are also some case study such as sustainability issuues in Cathy Pacific.Interesting teaching, the professor showed videos and used his personal examples to illustrate some business critical issues. For example, he took pictures in a male toilet to show an example of bad design. He sometimes tells jokes, that is why his lectures are not boring.Very common sense topics of sustainability issues that has risen because of current business operations and the global materialism and consumerism trend. The issues are well-merged in with operations management concepts, might be difficult for non-business students.Interesting teaching, try to use a lot of examples to explain the concepts and issues. Yet might sound boring and irrelevant sometimes.Very good grade<3This is an introductory course of operation management, including inventory and quality management, supplies and sourcing etc. The concept is easily to understand as it is mainly common sense and not abstract at all.
The book (not mandatory to buy) consists of 12 chapters, you can bring the book to examination (everyone does so) and the book clearly shows the concept.Ronald is interesting, and you will never get bored to his teaching. As it is a winter course, short break will be provided in 3-hour lecture. Ronald will show videos to illustrate his teaching, so you can easily understand what's going on on lecture.This course teaches critical issues in managing business operation. Topics include sustainability, supply chain, labor issues, product design, supplies, outsourcing, marketing, distribution and other related topics. These topic are easy to understand and not too in depth as it is a common core course.
Highly recommend buying the text book as it is a "transcript" of the lecture, if you fall asleep or missed a class, you can easily catch up by reading the book.The professor's teaching is very interesting and easy to understand.
He explained the topic and give detailed examples of the issues such as labor issues, foxconn, how IKEA became such successful business in the global scale.
By the way, the professor always likes to show photos that he took in the men's toilet.
And also, the professor have one wife and four kids starving at home.Very intense content. Will finish the whole book, 12 chapters in 2 weeks time. Every lecture with 3 hours. Actually reading lecture note is enough although I finished the whole book.Real passionate professor, my examples, easy to understand if you attend all the lessons. He will reply you email frequently if you have any questions.The syllabus's PDF is attached. You can see it for your reference. The professor uses a book having same title as the course title to teach. You may bring the book into the final exam. (So I suggest highlighting on the book)
There will be attendance, 2 essays and final exam.
In general, a course to avoid because you will have to compete with those business people who are already very good at this.His teaching is good. He often uses jokes to enlighten the mood in class.Introduction to e-marketing, e-commerce, m-commerce including topics like web analytics, auctions, e-commerce business models and advertising models, stickiness, long-tail theory, e-payments, security measures, e-currency [e.g. Bitcoins] etc etc. Relevant case studies and newspaper articles are featured. Straightforward, memorization-based, not too much synthesis, but interesting to learn IMO.Meh. He has an entertaining Malay accent. Professor was very disorganized, forgot to upload documents onto the Canvas portal and failed to properly address topic and contents of the group presentation. TA not too much of help either.Content is very useful. It gives us many insights regarding e-business and start-ups, such as various types of business models, high-velocity decision making, long tail theory, community-based Internet marketing, etc. Some of the business models are really interesting and may sometimes be counterintuitive. For instance, there is a venture capital based in Europe which encourages copy-cat business models and emulating competitors, and as it turns out it's become very successful. Another notable example is the striking contrast of the fundamental strategies between two e-commerce giants, eBay (a largely unregulated bazaar) and Amazon (more regulated to ensure quality), and the reasons of why the two seemingly different strategies made both companies successful. It also digs into a more technical aspect of e-commerce, including the use of cookies, web bugs, e-currency, cryptology, etc. during the second half of the course. BTW the cryptology part looks pretty hard for me...

It looked like to me a hybrid of marketing and IS courses. I took MARK2120 the same semester and I found the marketing knowledge helpful in this course. If you like start-ups and business models, there you go. Otherwise, this course may merely be a piece of memorization-based bullsh!t. Of course you can easily manage to get a decent grade with rote, mechanical recital, but if you really wanna learn something from this course you'd better understand the rationale behind each company's strategies and business models.

Topics included:
Introduction to E-business and Business Models
      Introduction to E-business
      E-commerce Business Models
E-marketing and E-advertising Management
      Internet Marketing
      Web Advertising
Google and Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
      Case of Google
      Search Engine Optimization
Web Statistics & Web Analytics
      Long Tail
      Internet Information Gathering Tools
      Personalization
      Web Analytics
E-commerce Applications - Retailing & Auction
      Case of Amazon
      Case of Blue Nile
      Auction
E-commerce Applications - Uber & Airbnb
      Platform Business Model
Electronic Payment System & Security Control
      Payment
Encryption & Cloud Computing
      E-security
      EncryptionEverything aside from the professor's accent is fine. At least he's really kind to us. Sometimes it's quite difficult to understand what he's conveying in the lectures, but after lectures we can always ask him questions to make out what's going on.

One thing that could have made the course better is that there should have been IMO a separate tutorial teaching us how to make the website and conduct the web analytics in the project, cuz most of us in the class had a hard time figuring out what to do. Most of the groups even forgot to collect the data for web analytics using the StatCounter website and this caused quite a lot of troubles.This course's content is very disorganized that lecturer separate different parts of the course with no sense.
There is even no indicator for topics of different lectures and the pictures that he used to illustrate the model was so small and unclear that no one could read it.
There are some readings (from new york times) that you need to memorize in mid terms and exam that would be send to you before examinations.

What you learn in the lecture actually does not help much in your project. You are required to present and do a report about starting up your own e-business. Nearly no guidelines were given and it was the most confusing projects I have ever done. He would give you a hundred dollars to play with Google Ad words but turn out it seems that he does not care about it at all.


From class and quota:This course introduces the fundamental concepts and technologies of e-commerce and e-business management. Topics include e-business models, e-business infrastructure, e-security, e-marketing, e-payment methods, web development, web analytics, and social media analytics.Dull, nonsense and confusing.
Lecturer:
Please do not expect any from this lecturer as you would learn all the content by yourself at last. Super stong Malay Singaporean accent that I don't know why he could be teaching in UST. Disorganized lecture notes as well as his teaching in class, I feel helpless when I ask him questions about the lecture content or project.

He is quite stubborn in which he banned all topics that he dont like (even we found successful references from other countries)  and he does not make enough responses to the progress report or any submission about the project. Marking of the project was not transparent. Most people feel like the questions he raised after presentation were nonsense.

Ta:
slow marking for assignments.
Just saw him at the last lesson, no extra comment for him.ISOM3310 - Electronic Commerce and e-Business

Management
This course introduces the fundamental concepts and principles of e-commerce and e-business management. Topics include e-business models, e-business infrastructure, e-security, e-marketing, e-payment methods, relationship between e-business and traditional business, the roles of customers, suppliers and employees, future development, etc.Super strong Malay Singaporean accent. I don't think he's actually qualified to teach since most of the stuff he says is either on the slides, common sense, and occasionally nonsense. Extremely disorganised and forgets what he says himself. At one point my group was given a 0 for the first component of our group project because he didn't even bother to read nor check if we handed it in. We had to remind him that we had submitted it and even then, he completely did not grasp what our content was and somehow deviated completely off of what we wrote. It's also concerning how he doesn't really know how to use a computer e.g. how to fullscreen a youtube video and so on.There are ~12 topics. Quite simple to understand. Some overlap with ISOM 2700 content to help us revise.Professor is very nice, and enthusiastic in teaching.
She is keen to answer any questions, she normally replies email very quickly.Good Grade.
Score above mean for all 3 case.
Project should be quite good.
One final, 1 sd above mean.
Final grade: A3 cases and a project plus final examination.
Students can volunteer to present for the case, and will be awarded extra marks. Worth a try as professor is quite lenient.
Quite heavy workload in the beginning,because the 3 cases are quite packed.Lots of content with a new topic in every lecture. Recommend keeping upto date with topics as you go along, otherwise gets difficult to keep track and do the in class activities.The teaching is decent but a lot of things are not explained. Since there is no textbook, some things have to be self taught. Content is taught through lecture videos and is not really effective for learning.Most of the content is taught in previous OM course. It should be quite easy. Do not require a lot of calculation. But I don't know what I have learned about logistics management.Hardly understand what he is talking about. Do not talk about main point. Mainly taught by lecture video so do not need to attend a lot of lectures which is more flexible in time and less demanding.Course content is simple, mainly general idea of logistic planning and changing in logistic.Man Yu is very nice professor. But lessons is little bored. The content is pretty well organised and easy to understand.3 cases, almost every group got nearly full marks out of 10. The project and final exam is the most important part. Cheat sheet is allowed in final exam. Project near 9/10 and final exam ~90%. Final grade A+3 group cases and 1 project. Students can volunteer to present for the cases, which will have extra marks for cases. Very subtle extra marks but require a lot effort to finish around 30 minutes presentations. no midterm only final. Generally not much work loadThis is a really interesting course that covers the many aspects of how to efficiently ensure that a project ends up as a success.Engaging professor. He does not allow students to use any electronic devices in order to increase participation.No CommentUnless absolutely necessary, he typically cancels the first lecture of the week so that students can have enough time to watch the video assignments and read the required files that he puts online.

There isn't much effort needed to be done in class either. For example, we spent a large part of one class doing the "Marshmallow Challenge." If you don't know what that is, don't look it up! You need to experience it the right way.This course explain the basic principles that are applied in real world IT project management, such as agile methodology, critical path management, effort estimation etc. Also you will learn how to use basic Microsoft Project Management functions in the labs. Case studies are provided to gain insight on how big corporation manage IT projects.Lecture videos basically provided 80% of the course content. Classes are held in the form of discussions and in-class activities . Some are pretty interesting, such as having students to build a tower out of spaghetti. Reflections are being done after the activities to show that the management principles are actually being applied into the activities.A upgraded course for 4100. Mainly teaching IS securities stuff. Have similar content with 4100. There is not much that need to be memorized. You just need to understanding the concepts and do some CISA questions to familiar yourself with the topic.Most people say Percy is one of the best teachers in UST. He really cares a lot about his students. And he uses many examples to explain the difficult concepts. However, he always adds many notes that are not provided in the powerpoint. Students always need to write a lot during lessons, which is quite annoying.

If you are not free to go to lesson, make sure you watch the lecture videos at the end of the semester. Otherwise, you may miss sth important that is not stated int he powerpoint.The scope of content is small, pretty easy to understand
Useful if you decide to take CISA examNot a must to attend lectures, but highly recommend
Though Percy has video recording, the videos are only uploaded 1-2 week before quiz/ exam, you wouldnt have enough time. If you skip one lecture, its hard for you to catch up afterwards.

Percy will explain key concept with examples during lectures, no need to print notes ourselves. jot notes is very important, don't go to lectures and sleep!!!!If you have taken ISOM4100 before this course, you may be advantageous in this course since part of the content of 4300 is just the same as 4100. But it's not difficult to pick up the contents if you haven't. It's easy if you attend classes.Percy tried his very best to illustrate everything with daily examples, so you can easily understand what they are. The course also provided lecture video, so you can watch it during revision if you cannot understand well in the class.this course is related to IS security. Content is not difficult. Therefore, professor spent too much time teaching things that are simple. And the lesson pace could be faster.Percy is awesome, we all know that
He tried his best to make the course more interesting, though it is really not an interesting topic.About IS audit .
Since I didnt study IS4100 first, it was a liitle bit hard at the beginning, but easy to catch up later.Very nice prof. I nearly skipped all lectures in last semester but not his. His lecture is really useful and interesting. One of my favourite prof in ust. Although his accent is not easy to understand, you will still get used to it soon.-Introduction of microeconomics
-Demand&Supply
-Elasticity
-Efficiency
-Government policy
-monopoly

Easily to understand for students who have studied economics in high schoolWing is a great teacher.
He can explain the content very well and also tell us some interesting stories about himself.simple， just all the contents in notes,give a brief introduction of business.suitable for students with no business backgrounds.Great, very responsible and detailed. Understand mandarin and English.you can ask her in either language and she will explain it very clearly.she prints notes and write on it every lesson.just follow whatever she teaches and write and you can understand it.introductory course about microeconomics
topics related to:
economic principles
demand and supply
price ceiling and price floor
tax implication
competitive market
monopoly
oligopoly and game theoryWenwen is beautiful, humorous and kind.
She uses interesting videos and news to help illustrate topics and knowledge and she sometimes shares us her story and her family.
At the start of some classes she would invite volunteers to participate in some small games to help us learn thoroughly about a chapter.
I really like her and appreciate her.Extremely basic microeconomics topics. If you are familiar with AP microeconomics you will feel this course is easy. Not much Mathematical skills required.Prof. Siu is a good lecturer. He gives good and easy example to explain concepts. but he often lectures topics not related to the course.  Still these are very helpful advice for year 1 students.basic microeconomics stuff. easy to learn even for beginners. gives you a general understanding of economics and helps build a solid foundation if further study is needed.Good. Wenwen is a nice person. She explains things well enough and is willing to answer the questions. PPT is also well-organized with additional handwritten notes every lecture.The content is very easy to understand for student not studying economics.(before midterm) The content after midterm would be a little bit hard but still acceptable.Zhang Wenwen's teaching style is really good!!!!! The atmosphere is really nice and it is the only course I could focus on teacher all the time. And sometimes Wenwen will play some funny videos and play some games related to econ with us within the class.Quite interesting sometimes, start with contents related to DSE economics but later on it is more difficult
I didn’t have any concept regarding economics but the content is still understandable.Interactive and fun professor, but sometimes the content is quite boring and she would still try her best to make it fun. She always ends her classes on time. P.s. we have iPRS session but the class doesn’t take attendanceThe material is very intuitive and very straightforward (i.e. supply/demand curves, price elasticity, simple game theory), but because of that, you need to stay on top of it. Most of the class will grasp it as well, yielding a high average.A little dull at times, but that's the nature of the class. Overall works at a nice pace, answers questions, and teaches the material well. However, a lot of the teaching must also be done on the student's own accord to fully grasp the concepts.

She makes really good Powerpoints, so going to each class isn't necessarily needed. However, she will add additional notes in-class that won't be on the Powerpoint, so missing class is certainly a little risky.1 Ten Principles of Economics
2 Thinking Like an Economist
3 Interdependence and the Gains from Trade
4 The Market Forces of Supply and Demand
5 Elasticity and Its Applications
--------Ch1~5 are covered in the 1st midterm------------
7 Efficiency of Market
6&8 Government meets Market
13 The Costs of Production
--------Ch6~8&13 are covered in the 2nd midterm----
14 Firms in Perfect Competitive Market
15 Monopoly
17 Strategic Interaction and Oligology
--------Chapter ALL ABOVE are covered in the final---

Well-organized and interesting. Overall maybe a bit easy. It may get a bit harder after Ch13(The Costs of Production) as it requires more math-based analysis.She teaches with her heart.
The lectures are well-prepared and she is willing to answer all your questions. Her PowerPoint is beautifully made (that you can afford to skip her lectures and do self-study. But definitely are not recommended since she will add some notes during the lectures and the language she uses is the style and format you should use when answering the long questions.)
Her English is OK, try to seat in the front if you have trouble understanding it.Cover some of the DSE content:
- Ten principles of Economics
- Thinking like an Economist (scientific methods, circular flows, PPF, positive and normative analysis)
- Independence and the Gains from Trade (specialization, definitions of land, labour, capital...)
-The Market Forces of Supply and Demand
- Elasticity and Its Applications
- Efficiency of Market
- Government meets Market
- The Costs of Production
- Firms in Perfect Competitive Market
- Monopoly
- Strategic Interaction and OligologyWing is so funny and it's enjoyable to attend his lesson. Although he has some Hong Kong ascent but it doesn't affect the teaching a lot. You can get his meaning by looking at his body languages. His examples and illustrations are vivid. I can get the concept straight away.
Icy is a responsive and nice tutor! She replies emails so promptly and detailedly if you come across some questions.The content starts off very easy but gets much harder as it progresses. Those marked with are easy topics. But starting from topics marked with , such as the cost curves in firm production and firms' decision under different market structures, rigorous mathematical and graphical reasoning are required. In these topics, you will see different curves intersecting seemingly randomly like a fountain (but indeed with a rationale behind), and what math noobs can do is to stare at the lecture ppts and remain puzzled. So this course isn't really for math noobs.

Topics included:
Ten Principles of Economics
Thinking Like an Economist
Interdependence and the Gains from Trade
The Market Forces of Supply and Demand
Elasticity and Its Applications
Efficiency of Market
Government meets Market
The Costs of Production
Firms in Perfect Competitive Market
Monopoly
Strategic Interaction and Oligology

The final exam was an absolute mind blower compared to the strikingly easy midterms. It required us to answer long questions with full economic analysis backed by graphs and economic concepts. Algebraic equations are needed in the oligopoly part and those who are bad at algebra can screw up the final exam easily.

DON'T TAKE THIS COURSE if you're a math noob!!!Prof Siu Kam Wing might be popular among all the students as he often digresses, and turns his lectures into life lessons. Lectures were dominated by mainland students in the front rows and as they had much better mathematical reasoning than most of the locals, he resorted to a more mathematical approach in explaining the concepts, and what maths dumbs like me could do was just to freak out and stay confused.

The TA is from ECOF and his tutorials are even more "mathematical" than Wing's lecture. He does the mathematical proofs of basically everything which isn't needed in the exams and the whole course at all. He fails to explain the very basic concepts and I doubt whether he himself actually understands them.

DON'T TAKE THIS COURSE if you're a math noob!!!Concepts like gains from trade, demand - supply curves, government and markets, cost curves, perfectly competitive markets, monopolies, oligopolies are covered. Content I'm guessing would be easy for students who have a basic background in economics from high school.

For those who are thinking of taking the course as an introduction into the world of economics, the course may start off easy but gets harder as it progresses. The prescribed text, Principles of Microeconomics by Mankiw is really good to help grasp concepts.Come to class if you just want to be entertained or want "life advice" (yes those are air quotes) from a professor who loves to boast about his achievements albeit his bad grade in ECON2103 when he did the course as a student.
If you come to class thinking you really want to learn something as a beginner to economics, you surely will be *disappointed* as sleep is naturally induced in his lectures. Waste of time as professor gets distracted and goes off-topic. Tutorials are not interesting or helpful, it seems the TA is off-sync with the lectures.

The professor says he really wants to help his students and seems approachable but is actually not when you really need it. The book is a saviour to get clearer understanding of concepts. Teaching could be much better being a HKUST Business School course.Basic economic concepts which appeared in high school (since DSE econ students are excluded). It is relatively simple and easy to understanding.

topics: demand and supply, monopoly, perfect competition, simple game theory etc.Professor's Korean accent may not be easy to be listened. Sometimes the atmosphere is a little bit boring but sometimes is hilarious.

He likes to ask questions in order to engage discussion in which I appreciate it.Many of my friends and I found economics interesting after this course. The content was definetely interesting. Throughout the courses, you will see a lot of concepts and theories explained in a form of graphs, but no worries! This does not necessailry require difficult mathematic skills. You will not have problem with the calcuation but, maybe if any, from understanding the concept. I would for overall the content is not very difficult.Professor Woo Young LIM is very cute and adorable. He always smile and try to interact with the audience. He sometimes drift off to his own stories during the lecture, not to make the class too boring. Some of the students may find his cute accent a little bit disturbing to understand the concept. However, I would say overall there are no big problems in a way of his teaching style.This course covers less detailed information compared to the 3-year DSE Economics syllabus but includes new topics like the cost and production curves. The scope is designed for those who have not studied Economics in secondary school, and the concepts are explained using simple daily life scenarios to make them easier to understand even for beginners. However, after the midterm, more complex topics are introduced, such as elasticity of demand & supply, cost and production curves, monopoly, and game theory.Prof. Siu (usually referred to as Wing) is a very humorous person who often makes jokes and talks about his interesting experiences in life. He can also explain the concepts in a way that makes us easier to understand, by using metaphors and daily life examples. Despite his funny Chinglish accent that requires more concentration to understand, his explanations are clear and precise.The content was that lim teaches is more than the other professor from what I heard from.I slept through most of his classes but, thankfully, he had his lectures recorded and posted in canvas. I think he explains concepts throughly and gives a lot of examples, but not straight forward enough so a lot of the students drift off before he gets to the point.the amount of content is a bit long but if given adequate time and effort, the content is quite manageable.the atmosphere is quite relaxing and he often make appropriate jokes to give examples for the theories presented.don't be scared by the amount of points required for each question, it is quite easy to get points. graphs are very important.the homework is a must, the exam questions are very alike with the homework questions. i think the workload is quite reasonable because similar questions appear on the exam anyway.This course contains only basic economics issues. The content is fun and easy to learn. It may require basic knowledge about calculus, but the professor made considerable effort not to include math.The professor has a inspiring story himself and is quite patient to students and their questions.2 mid terms, 1 final and 10~11 assignments.
Mid term - MCQs, 40 questions
Final - MCQs, essay questions, long questions(explanation, graphs, calculations)
Assignments - MCQs, short questions(explanation, graphs, calculations)
Required textbook - Principles of Microeconomics by N.Gregory Mankiw 7th editionA funny and caring lecturer. He always emphasizes on the understanding of concepts instead of memorizing them. He provided various real life examples for students to better understand the concepts.

The most interesting part of the lecture would be the time when he kept asking us "why" questions. Do take notes, it will help in the exams.Very interesting.
principle of micro-economics together with the basic of game theory, which is the professor's own research area.Woo Young is  a great professor! He teaches effectively and attractively. He's patient to answer questions and students are welcome to walk in his office. Whats more, he always have lunch with us before class!
He tell us his own stories to encourage us. He's really hard working.
He also organize experiments. Students can earn about 100hkd per hour for making decision in games designed by him.The content is very attractive and interesting and the professor organize the teaching well. But it is slightly more difficult than other professor's lectures.Lim Woo Young is a very interesting and humour professor. His teaching is quite good because he himself is very well educated( He will possibly show his CV at the last lecture like what he did this semester to us) and can explain things clearly.The content will teach you extensively on Microeconomics with a small dabbling in Game theory and a hint at advanced classes in the future should you choose to take them.
Pay close attention to the earlier modules as they will definitely be needed as a strong foundation for the later topics like Government regulations or market efficiency.Prof. Lim is a very comprehensive teacher. He's super enthusiastic and will regularly try to engage the class. He'll slowly lose steam if he doesn't get responses. Try to engage him for better results. He uses a lot of examples from the textbook for either reference or synchronizations. He will however, give more variations for his answers if you are unclear or ask again. Don't be afraid to ask him if you don't understand cause he'll speak quite quickly to cover as many topics as possible before exams.The course is adequate and fundamental to students without economics background. And the concepts of this course is not so difficult to understand.Woo Young's English is approachable. His explanation of economics is good and his teaching is easy to following. If you have any question, you may find help in tutorial section.The content of the courses is very interesting to me as a new learner of microeconomics. It covers the interesting area in microeconomics with not too much complications. For example, the courses has covered market demand, social welfare, brief introduction to game theory, market of public goods and common resourcesWoo Young is a very good professor with excellent ability to explain economic concepts with fluent and understandable English, as well as economic graphs. The lectures are also funny in a sense that I do not want to miss any of his lectures.The  knowledge related to  microeconomicsWoo Young is a good professor who is willing to teach. He always explains the concept by using different example in our daily life so that we can easily handle the concept even though we have not studied economics in high schoolFundamental knowledge of microeconomicswoo young is really a nice professor. he mostly explained the concept by drawing graphs on the whiteboard. he also often take real-life example to explain microeconomic concept.Basic knowledge about microeconomics + 2 lectures on game theory to help you understand oligopoly.

A lot of graphs.HIghly recommend Wooyung! Funny professor.
Lim Wooyung teaches really well and gives lectures based on lecture notes. He explains the concept clearly and draw a lot of graphs on whiteboard. So, sitting on the front rows could be beneficial. He always uses real-life examples to explain the concept in microeconomics and thus make the lectures interesting.This course is about the basic principles of Microeconomics, which is an essential part for all the business students. It is also useful for students from other schools to simply dip into the business world for a bit. Overall, the content of this course is not difficult if you are willing to read textbook often.Wing is a very humorous instructor. He always uses simple examples to illustrate the hard principles, which greatly arouse students' interest for economics. Besides, he loves to interact with students after class, so feel free to ask him questions (about economics and other things as well!).The content is interesting, and sets the benchmark for a typical business lecture. Since I'm a science-oriented student, this proves to be very crucial and informative, while interactive at some moments. Overall the balance is exhilarating.Typical Wing. Interesting, informative, and a no-sleep guarantee.I guess it's what they call basic microeconomics, although to me they're nothing basic -  I still do not get it. :(Prof Siu is friendly but it really doesn't mean anything other than getting a good laugh in class. Let me assure you, you will be laughing at a lot of things he said.  Morever, if you like Cantonese accent, he's a good choice (rolls eyes).  He also makes an effort to speak Mandarin to mainland students, which does help boost his popularity as a friendly and/or approachable professor.

Given the grade I give to this part, you see I don't really like it - it's my first course in economics and from there I already wished it was my last.  The worst point is that you would seem to get it, but probably you didn't get it at all... especially when you look at the exam paper and you felt as if you have nowhere to apply the concepts.  I do not think such muddled impressions of the concepts is what good instructors aim to leave in the students' minds.Easy, interesting, informative.

It's fit for beginner.

It helps daily life.

The textbook of the course is really of good use. It illustrates many practical cases to explain economic terms.Prof. Zhang is obviously enthusiastic about teaching.
Though self-learning is more efficient ( read the textbook)
She will utilize youtube to light up the class.

She welcomes any question after class and would like to talk with you in Mandarin if you are a mainland student who is more comfortable with Mandarin.

She is considerate.not difficult at all. mostly are taught in DSE economics.you may find everything in notes. actually you do not need to go to lecture.grading is not that good because there must be some students who have taken but dropped economics in HKDSE to take this course. they have got exposed to this subject 3 years ago and they have advantage against you, who have never studied economics, absolutely.problem set is something you have to hand in but totally needless to complete. for myself, i just handed in a blank paper as my homework and never got caught.There are two mid-term exams and the mean of these two exams was both high. The final exam was difficult. Besides, the teaching topics are similar to ECON 2113, which is difficult for the students who didn't learn economic before.Mr. Siu's teaching method is good and attractive. He is very funny but sometimes wastes too much time on talking about irrelevant stuff. He couldn't catch up schedule and explain the content poorly in the last few lessons.his course teaches basic concepts of Microeconomics. As a student that has nearly no economic background during high school, I can still manage to understand the materials.His teaching is fair. He uses many examples to illustrate the concepts especially those involving mathematical thinking.
He is a humerous guy hence the lesson is usually very casual and interesting. Sometimes he would be side tracked to talk about his past stories which made the lecture more fun.This course teaches basic concepts of Microeconomics. As a student that has nearly no economic background during high school, I can still manage to understand the materials.His teaching is fair. He uses many examples to illustrate the concepts especially those involving mathematical thinking.
He is a humerous guy hence the lesson is usually very casual and interesting. Sometimes he would be side tracked to talk about his past stories which made the lecture more fun.It is mostly about the secondary school economics and a bit simply new stuff. Power point may be hard to read due to the methods of presenting. But it is ok not to attend the lesson and get a good grade.Very very nice instructor. Wing is one of my favorite intructors in UST. He is patient and humorous. He lets the lecture intersting as well as helpful. He may be not well foncus on the course content before the midterm because he enjoys sharing his interesting sotries. But his teaching becomes proffesional after the midterm. Also he sometimes will share his opinion on mant issues. You may take it as chatting but it's also good to get wisdom from it.The content is well organized and prepared, it really leads students to the world of micreeconomics. The only flaw is that PPT is sometimes hard for review, so attending the lectures and understanding the materials bacome very important.Very very nice instructor. Wing is one of my favorite intructors in UST. He is patient and humorous. He lets the lecture intersting as well as helpful. He may be not well foncus on the course content before the midterm because he enjoys sharing his interesting sotries. But his teaching becomes proffesional after the midterm. Also he sometimes will share his opinion on mant issues. You may take it as chatting but it's also good to get wisdom from it.Ten Principles of Economics
Thinking Like an Economist
Interdependence and the Gains from Trade
The Market Forces of Supply and Demand
Elasticity and Its Applications
Efficiency of Market
Government meets Market
The Costs of Production
Firms in Perfect Competitive Market
Monopoly
Strategic Interaction and OligopolyProf Wing pretty entertaining professor. I mean generally his glasses arn't too dry and boring. He goes off topic quite often but it can help to connect content with the real world.

Just going to class isn't enough if you want a good grade. I strongly suggest buying the textbook and going through the stuff in it. Most of the stuff he teaches in class can be found in the textbook.Provides you all the basic knowledge about microeconomics and more. It was a perfect introduction course.

Units include:
Ten Principles of Economics
Thinking Like an Economist
Interdependence and the Gains from Trade
The Market Forces of Supply and Demand
Elasticity and Its Applications
Efficiency of Market
Government meets Market
The Costs of Production
Firms in Perfect Competitive Market
Monopoly
Strategic Interaction and OligologyWhile many would argue that Professor Siu, Kam Wing goes off topic often, I would use that as a strength in his teaching, as usually he would go off topic to help support his teaching and add humour to what we are learning. It really helps us remember the content and stay engaged in class. As this course also involves some calculus and basic mathematics, his way of teaching really does help and it really is nice to get some words of wisdom for life in general here and there.

I only have two criticisms for his teaching. One would be his lack of explanation on how he would grade the finals (how we should format our answers for the short questions). Whereas the second is his pacing for some classes. Since we had spent about two to three lessons on just the principals of economics instead of just one (I thought one would be enough, but it was just stretched because of some unnecessary and repeated but rephrased questions asked in class). Due to this, we had to have two extra lessons during the study week or late in the evening on random days.

On another note, GUO, Bing's tutorials are very well structured and straight to the point. it is a great revision class.The course covers the most basic concepts in microeconomics. We have learnt some of them even in high school, for example the supply and demand theory. However, the contents after the 2nd midterm is a bit challenging which talks about monoply and game theory. The key to this course is to understand all the concepts instead of remembering them without thinking.Wing is sooooo~ interesting. He not only teaches the lecture contents, but also will emerge you with some life wisdom and his love story hahaha. He likes us to use our common sense to analyze questions instead of complex thinking.The principles and concepts are generally easy to understand but there are more advanced materials after the midterm. Questions in exams are usually much more complicated than in assignments or lessons.Professor is passionate in teaching and expect very much from students. He teaches more than the syllabus required but mainly concepts. For solutions to questions go to tutorial.I am a local student without econ background.
The content is easy in general, if you understand all the concept and do one/two pp before exam, you will get a good grade.
I suggest you pay more emphasis on any graphs you encounter, as you probably will face them again and lose marks in exams. :)Three facts you need to know:
1. He jokes a lot about dating
2. He has a strong Hong Kong accent when speaking eng(but you probably will get used to that)
3. He seldom replies to your emails(50% chance)

Aside from these, he has a strong understanding of econ concepts but he could never understand why you don't understand. He may call you stupid, happened once in lecture, because he thought that person was wasting everyone's time. :(

I stopped attending his lectures after my first midterm and then messed up my midterm2. However, I kept ditching his lectures and somehow my final result was pretty decent.I heard the content is more than Wing's class :) But pretty easy, I don't have econ background and never listened to Prof in class and just do self studying one or two days before exam, still managed to get A-.Zhao Xiaojian is the most boring Prof ever I've seen. He'd definitely make you feel asleep in class. If not for the damn inclass quiz, which he used to keep us coming to his class, I would've just skipped all.have to understand the concept behind the powerpoint
around 10 chapters
little and easy calculation
exam without calculators
book can be borrowed at libraryfunny and many live examples
willing to interact with students
eager to answer students question after the lessons
relax atmosphere
tutorials summarize all main ideasWell, the content is not bad at all. It is interesting but you need to come over it with a little bit hard http://work.As some of the content is conceptual .It is hard to understand if you have not study economic before.His teaching is great. He uses many example to help you clarify the concept in the content. Well, most of his example is talking about love.....Easy to understand
All the main idea is covered by the power point,
no need to revise textbook.Wing is always willing to help. Just ask.
He tried to use different ways (simple differentiation, graph, intuition) to explain those theories.Two MC mid-terms:
only the highest score is used to calculate the final score.

Final:
MC+short Q
similar to Qs discussed in classesAssignment:
Hand in all and you can get 100%

No need to spend too much time on revising if attend all classes seriously

Try to memorize the skills  Wing used to solve the problems in classes, they may help you to get a good grade.ppt was based on the textbook. But u must read the textbook carefully after class so that u have better understanding about the course.Prof will try to elaborate the points with funny stories. He's the only professor who didn't make me fall asleep.Fair. Finshed all the homework and both exams were above 1 sd. Got a-. Both exams are mc questions. Easy if u did your homework.Normal. No presentation. Just assignment and exams. All u need is only follow all the request from the professor and u can get an a range.Demand-Supply curve, firms in competitive markets, monopoly, oligopoly.The instructor is interesting, always joking at business students.Two midterms, 10 homework sets, one final;
homework sets: 10%( You will receive full marks as long as you turn in at time; what you wrote doesn't matter;
midterm: 22.5% each
final: 45%
Myself: about 1 sd higher than mean in both midterms, 1.2 sd higher than mean in final, the final grade is a+;Basically no workload. Only a few questions for each homework set, and will receive full marks no matter what you wrote.The content was pretty interesting, be it from the perspective of any Business major, minor or just a common core. It involves a number of interesting topics which you can understand very easily with examples from around yourself.Woo Young is a great professor and he gives many examples from his life, and that helps you relate to the course topics.Quite easy, as it is an introductory course. It contains basic concepts like supply and demand curves, elasticity, different market structures and a little bit about game theory.

The midterm and final exams are so easy that most people can get a high score.Clear and easy to understand. Sometimes use interactions to explain the theory.Typical introduction to microeconomics, pretty basic stuff like demand, supply, elasticity.The lecturer was actually getting on my nerves so I've stopped attending very quickly, but you can learn everything that's necessary from materials provided on canvas.Basic knowledge of microeconomics and some game theories. Funny but not practicalA Professor with a Chinese accent. Pretty easy to fall asleep. I would recommend you to take the course of another professor if you like the lively atmosphere.2 midterms(25%each)
1 final(50%)
some bonus quizzes in class
all the tests are cumulative.

I get(24/25,24/25,49.5/50) A.
the mean is about 21/22/42 (with sd around 2~3/2~3/5)
the grading is not great as I expectedno problem sets,
no quiz.
little workload, just get well prepared for your midterms and final and attend the classes.Course Description: As an introductory course (it may be your first course in economics), this course intends to coverf undamental concepts and tools that are used in microeconomic analysis. In this course, I will show you that economics provides a powerful way of thinking that can help you understand many human and social phenomena, and also enrich you in a wide range of career choices. I willuse real world examples and cases as much as possible in order to enhance your understanding of course materials.  Eventually, I would like all of you to come up with your own “definition” or“meaning” of economics and establish its applicability in your daily life.Textbook:“Principle of Microeconomics, Seventh edition” written by N. Gregory Mankiw, published bySouth-Western, Cengage  Learning.    Supplementary  readings  will  be posted on the CourseWebsite (if any).Learning Outcome – School Intended Learning Outcomes (“SILOs”):1.Explain the methodology of microeconomic analysis, including key assumptions used,how economics differs from the other social science disciplines, and the strengths andlimitations of this analysis framework (SILOs # 1 and 4). 2.Describe the key concepts and tools of microeconomic analysis, such as gain from tradeand   specialization,   how   price   is   determined   in   the   free   market,   how   efficiency   ismeasured, how the market structure affects the determination of price and quantitytransacted, and decision-making by buyers and producers under constraints (SILOs # 1, 3and 4).3.Examine the role of government and its interaction with the free market by evaluatinggovernment   policies   and   their   impact   on   economic   activities   and   justifications   forgovernment intervention or participation, such as to maintain the public good (SILOs # 1,3 and 4).1
4.Apply economic tools and principles to identify, analyze and propose explanations forand solutions to real world issues (SILOs # 1 3 and 4). For the details of SILOs, please refer to: Format / Teaching Approach:This course is delivered through lectures and tutorials. Students attend two 80-minute lectures perweek.  Personal Response System (PRS) will be used during lectures to encourage class participationand sharing among students and with me. Please try to attend all lectures and participate actively indiscussions. Tutorials will be arranged when needed. Teaching       &       LearningActivitiesRoles in the CourseSILO AddressedLecturesExplain   key   concepts   and   theirapplications; Cases and examples tobuild student’s critical and analyticalability1,2,3,4In-class Q&A through PRSEncourage class participation, criticalthinking and discussion1,2,3,4TutorialsReview   and   further   illustration   onimportant   topics,   practice   problem-solving,   encourage   discussion   andparticipation1,2,3,4Quizzes & Problem SetsEnhance   understanding   of   coursematerials   and   their   applicationthrough practice1,2,3,4Use of Personal Response System (PRS):PRS will be used in lectures.  In order to get a PRS handset, please visit the following website forinformation: .  The use of PRS isto   encourage   classroom   participation,   discussion   and   sharing   among  students and with   me.Questions will be asked in lectures and the PRS allows you to respond in real time.  A summary ofanswers will be shown and shared. Examinations and Grades:Quizzes and Problem sets:You will be assigned 10 quizzes and 3 problem sets during the semester.  Quizzes (MCQsonly) are assigned on a weekly basis and submitted on the canvas. Each quiz remains activeon the canvas for one week. By default, only one attempt is allowed. Quizzes are credited bysubmissions. You have to turn in your own problem sets (hard copy) before the deadline announced.Suggested answers with detailed explanation will be posted on the Course Website after thedeadline of each problem set. Please note that NO late submissions will be accepted. In case you are sick and cannot handin Problem sets on time, please email TA before 5pm on the due date with completed2
problem set attached. In addition, the hard copy of your completed problem set, togetherwith a valid medical or legal document, should be submitted to TA no later than the firsttutorial following the due date. Midterm and Final Exams:There will be Two (in class) midterm exams. The midterm exam will cover lecture materials,problem sets and assigned reading (if any). The final exam is CUMULATIVE.  It may contain multiple-choice, true & false questions andessay-type questions, which require explanation in writing, graph and calculation.Overall Score of Grading for the Course:Your overall score for the course will be computed according to one of the following two schemes,whichever yields the higher score. This means that a low score in a midterm exam will not loweryour course grade, and it always makes sense to take both midterm exams. As you can see, a goodscore can raise your grade, but a low score will not lower it.Scheme (1): Course score with TWO midterms Assessment ActivitiesWeightingProblem Sets10%Quizzes10%Midterm Exam ((1) and (2))20%+20%Final exam (cumulative)40%Scheme (2): Course score with ONE midtermAssessment ActivitiesWeightingProblem Sets10%Quizzes10%Midterm Exam ((1) or (2), the higher one)30%Final exam (cumulative)50%Absence from Midterm and Final Exam:If for any reason you are unable to attend the midterm or final exam, you mustseekapproval of absence from me directly BEFORE the exam.  Your request should be supportedby valid documents, such as medical certificate issued by a registered medical practitioner.Absence from an exam without prior approval of absence would result in ZERO score.There will be NO makeup for any Midterm exams. If you miss both midterm exams for anyreasons, you will receive ZERO for your midterm exams. For students who are absent from the final exam with prior approval, a make-up exam willbe arranged.  Make-up exam will be scheduled as soon as possible and should be within oneweek after the official final exam date (to be announced). It is the responsibility for thosewho request for a make-up exam to ensure their availability. The make-up arrangement canbe in  the form of written-exam, oral exam or research paper, etc. Please NOTE that theinstructor has the final discretion on all arrangements of the make-up exam.  Students whorequest for the make-up final exam should comply all the requirements as communicatedby the instructor.  Failing to meet any requirement may result in a ZERO score.3
Academic Honesty and Integrity:Academic integrity and honesty are key values at HKUST. Please read the information on academicintegrity carefully.  It is your responsibility to be familiarized with the Academic Honor Code and thecontent    on     the    Academic     Integrity     website.         The     site     address     . The Code will be STRICTLY enforced.  I will report any cases tothe University WITHOUT EXCEPTIONS.I will try my best to make the course requirements as clear as possible. When you have anyquestion or you encounter any difficulties in studying, please do not hesitate to consult me either inor out of class throughout the semester. I am delighted to help you succeed in the course. Please beaware that ultimately it is you EARNING the grade, not me GIVING you the grade. So, when thegrade is out, one thing I will NOT do is to change your grade if what you want (need) is different from what you get.Classroom Etiquette:You are expected to be punctual for both lectures and tutorials; I will start and end the lecture on time. You are welcome to bring your laptop or other devices to lectures for learning purposes. Respect the others in class and do not disturb others with side conversation, Internet surfing, emails-checking or instant-messaging during class time. No eating in class at anytimeShe is really beautiful. hahaha. and she can explain every term clearly, as well as give examples that support them. She would play funny videos in class.

She doesn't take attendance.not difficult(no econ background)
not difficult(no econ background)
not difficult(no econ background)
not difficult(no econ background)
not difficult(no econ background)
not difficult(no econ background)quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!
quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!
quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!
quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!
quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!
quite interesting, siu kam wing is the best!!!Easy Easy EasyEasyWoo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutor Woo Young is the best tutorThe content is extremely interesting, although my own interest in economics might bias that a little, and he provides detailed notes as to what he will cover. He also mentions common pitfalls in exams and work, which helps a lot in understanding some tricky parts.

The main course material covered is demand side, with insurance, demand curves and other material in this area.His teaching is really engaging, as he always asks questions to people in the class and tries to get the class thinking about the topic. He also likes to use modern, real world examples to explain certain abstract concepts, which keeps the classes from getting too boring.Compulsory for ECOF/MAEC student. A solid foundation for microeconomics with some maths background required.Siu Fai is quite experienced but you must concentrate to keep up with his progress. TAs are quire approachable so you may resort to them for help.Very tough to get A+. But if you work hard, it's not very hard to get a decent grade. Students normally get a very low score for the exams but it's definitely not an absolute grading class so don't worry about that.If your maths is good and you have good "economics intuition", it won't be too hard. Siu Fai doesn't actually deliver homework.The course that MAEC and ECOF students must take...Prof is the head of Econ department so he will grade the students just depends on his...mood.....In my opinion, just acceptable... The things that are tested in the exam seldom appear in lectures...Though my grade is not bad, I heard from crazy TA Welson that there are only 3-4 students who get A range finally... Students were joking that the way for Prof to give you A is to make him fall in love with u....No homework but 2 midterms... Studying this course drove me crazyThe course content was very interesting and insightful. There is a lot of content that is newProf. Leung has a different teaching style but once you get used to it, it is very interesting and helps you to think about microeconomics from a different perspective.utility function, demand curve, demand function,uncertainty, asymmetric information,moral hazard,adverse selectionsProf Leung's teaching is quite funny and it's helpful for us to memorize the contents.He will randomly ask students some questions so must concentrate in the class.Basically including utility function, demand and supply curve, demand and supply function, gambling, adverse selection.Professor Leung is very good. He doesn't use textbook and have his own notes. He has great understanding in micro economics.Fellows are hard working. The grade is not very good.It is difficult overall. Since he doesn't use textbook, it is necessary to go to his class and take notes. We have to fully understand his material so that we can finish his exams. The mean is always slightly higher than 50% of the full score.First course in microeconomics.
Focuses on consumer thoery. Topics include preference and utility, indifference curve analysis, demand theory, consumer surplus, uncertainty, insurance, moral hazard, and adverse selection.

The course uses math here and there so it is a good idea to review multivariable calculus before taking this course.

With regard to exams, the questions are not difficult but time is really tight. You can't afford to waste too much time thinking or writing irrelevant answers. Get straight to the point and use clear logic when answering. The answers are often really short and elegant.Professor teaches very well and at a reasonable pace. He is intellectually inspiring and asks really good questions in class that will make you think. He is also more approachable than most people would think.I may divide the course content into two parts: first part is the content that overlap with many ECON DSE contents, and this part is basically the mid-term syllabus. (e.g. externality, tax, subsidy, trade barriers, etc)
The second part is not related to the Econ that we usually talk about. It is more about the method we use to conduct research on some pollution or social issues, such as BCA (benefit-cost analysis) But basically the content is very very easy, and all the things you have to do is to remember the name of different research method LOL.I don't know why but the last few lessons are extremely boring for me. I can't stop looking at my phone. But overall he has a clear speech and has a normal teaching skills, at least not a trap LOL. He is kind to accept any comments and answer any enquiries, a good guy haha.The stuff this course teaches you could find most of them on the textbook minus the open economy part.
I have read some of the reviews before, apparently she has improved quite much, adding some real-life applications here and there.She was able to guide you through the content, pause to wait for questions and answer them after class.
But she did quite rush through the later half of the course, barely finish it so we didn't have a summary course.
The stuff she teaches differs a bit from the TAs. I recommend to stick to her way of understanding first.Materials are mostly based on the textbook.

Could have talked more about how to use the theories as a tool in the real world applicationsProfessor's English is good.

Able to explain most of the points clearly.

Given the contents of this course, her teaching could have been more intriguingInteresting. but half of the contents are based on general macroeconomics, so it is not that hard.Need to concentrate in order to follow the class material. there is no ta session, except after the assignment and midterm. it is difficult to get help when neededas there are not many student in the class, it is difficult to get an A.there are two assignments, they are not hard, but they take some time to finish. but the ta does not even mark the whole assignments, but just the hard questions.1. The Goods Market, GDP, Price and Inflation (Chapter 2.1, 2.3)
2. The Money Market, Nominal and Real Interest Rates (Chapter 14.1)
3. Labor Market and Unemployment Rate (Chapter 2.2) 4. Financial Markets, Asset Prices and Expected Present Discounted Value (Chapter
14.4, 15)

2. Expectations, Consumption and Investment (Chapter 16)
3. The Money Market (Chapter 4, 5.2, 17.1)
4. The IS-LM Model (Chapter 5.3)
5. Expectations and the IS-LM Model (Chapter 17.2, 17.3)
6. Expectations and Financial Markets (Chapter 15.1, 15.2)

1. Openness in Goods and Financial Markets (Chapter 18)
2. IS-LM Model in an Open Economy (Chapter 19, 20) 3. Exchange Rate Regimes (Chapter 21)
4. Expectations and Currency Crisis (Chapter 21)

1. Financial Crisis (Chapter 9)
2. China’s RMB exchange rate and current account imbalance (notes)

She skipped too many lessons this semester and thus content is also not much  

Basically nothing difficult. As long as you have taken ECON 2123, no problem for understanding the course content.Useless.

You do not need to attend her lecture and also the tutorial.
She and TA cannot make you understand the content.

Read the textbook yourself.Honestly speaking the content has not much difference with the one studied before( Econ 2123), especially those parts talked about ISLM model or ASAD model, which you could find them familiar. To conclude, the main difference of this course is that adding an important factor into all those models: Expectation. And also this course mentioned a bit on Philips Curve.I would say she's quite passionate, but might be a bit slow paced especially in the first half, making she has to speed up in the later half to try finish her schedule. The notes are uploaded in advance and quite clear, though seems were made by publisher instead of herself.Content is hard and cover many topics(e.g matrix, partial derivatives)Quite boring but straightforward. However, sometimes hard to follow. Because she seems like falling into her world and students can't follow or know what she was doingthe content is not difficult, with medium math background.the teaching is general.
the professor did interact with students and make sure most of the students in class understand well.
But sometimes she complicates the explanation process, going too deep to some advance topics that makes me more difficult to understand lol...As the course name says, the course teaches basic Mathematics required for Economics.The subjects covered vary from basic matrices to calculus.The instructor teaches based on the powerpoint material she has made. As long as you can follow her material, you will be able to do well on the assessments. As the instructor says in class, the textbook isn't that useful - there is no additional reading required for the course.The content is simple to most students with medium mathematics background. However, it is very useful (according to professor).Professor will strictly follow the lecture notes, if you could understand the lecture notes beforehand, which is not difficult to most students, you can just skip the lesson with no worries.Very basic Microeconomics concept. A little bit more detail than ECON 2103/2113. Introduce some new concept towards fixed cost. Not difficult at all.Professor Siu taught us the concept very clear. Also, he is very willing to answer the questions. Usually he answer an easy question for 10mins because he is very talkative. I learned many out of content from him.Choices and preferences
Economics of information
Basics of Market
Oligopoly (game theory)
Types of oligopoly
Endogenous sunk costs.
Product differentiation
Pricing strategies
What is market?

The content is very interesting and challenging. These all provides a new view of economics, but not just pure extension of introductory micro.

For mathematics usage, mostly we use partial differentiation and lagrange multiplier. No proofs are needed, basically you just need to know how to carry out those procedures.

Textbooks are not necessary as they are too easy. Half of the content are not from the book.Professor teaching is great. He illustrates all the concept clearly. When there is mathematical derivation, he will show us how to carry out those steps (although sometimes he made careless mistakes).

Wing stresses on the importance of economic logic. He mentioned that math is a tool for us to understand economics, it is a help rather than torture. In fact, at this level, it is really true. Using math can make most things easier.

One thing that may not be great is that professor always forgot to upload slides, we can just listen and jot on blank papers. But not matter much!USE THE TEXTBOOK. Wing's PPTs are not detailed- many of them simple have a graph with absolutely no explanation. As is, the topics are not that difficult. If you use the textbook, you will have a good grasp of the concepts. And personally, I found them interesting because it introduces more depth into topics that I have not done before. BUT this is clearly a scam. Refer to Grading.The 'D' is not a reflection of Wing's personality. He's a great guy, pretty funny and talks about interesting topics. Its just that the topics are not relevant to the course. Most of the lesson is spent on real world examples which just turn to a sermon on life lessons. He claims that the key to getting good grades on the exams is attending all the lectures, but I find that hard to believe. I attended all classes before mid-term and still got a shitty grade. So I stopped attending lectures after that because it was a waste of time and used that time for other courses, or just for studying the content from the textbook.Broad introductory macroeconomic course linked to certain phenomena in Hong Kong's economy.Teaching is superb, communicative, creative, and helpful. Professor is willing to discuss any economic questions outside of the syllabus and provide his own insights  on them. The TA, Thomas Au Yeung, however, made plenty of mistakes in marking and ceased to help answer questions or provide valuable economic education on multiple occasions.mainly based on consumption behaviours and consumer market analysis
will cover things like indifferent curve, Auction, production function, consumer and producer search, etc.
Not a difficult course after all, you can treat it as an advance course of ECON 2113Most of the contents follow the textbook, but also a little added by professor. Reading textbook is quite important if you want to follow the lecture.Easy to understand.

Proves and calculations would be shown during the lecture, while most of the proves will not be tested.

Slides are not beautiful, nut does not affect understanding.

Rather funny compared to other professors in the ECON department.Basically is the evolved version of 2103 only, topics similar but deeper of course (at the end this is 3000 level ), added a few concepts like indifference curve, assymetric information. Textbook not a must if you can understand his notes well as he always said " the textbook is too easy"  so he added some other things inside.Wonderful that you will know if you have attended his class, not boring and can use many examples to explain theories in an interesting way... if not he teaches it would be so sleepy in 0900 lesson . More he will share some of his stories and insight about various stuffs like career path or economic view etc. though might occupy some lesson time undoubtedly.Very introductory and simple topics, for example Indifference Curves, Game Theory, Oligopoly, etc.

If you did well in ECON 2113, and is NOT extremely bad in Maths, then no need to worry.Prof. SIU Kam Wing is really nice. He also explains the concepts in a clear manner. He said that he is poor in Maths, so he emphasised understanding instead of calculation.

Besides, he is really talkative and can chat with you after class for more than an hour!The covered materials are a bit more advanced than the Intro MicroEcon and covers a wide variety of topics. But overall, they're still understandable and interesting even for a non-business major like me.SIU Kam Wing is generally a nice guy. He's knowledgeable regarding real-world problems and issues but tends to rattle on abt useless stuff sometimes. He's willing to answer questions and often goes off the material to cover more interesting aspects of the topic.Basically about probability, statistics, regression (linear and nonlinear), STATA. If you have taken related Math course or ISOM course before, then this course will be relatively easy.Professor LU Xun is a quite patient and nice person. He focuses on the concept and derivation of the formulas. Although the speed might be a little bit slow, overall the teaching well explains the basic knowledge of Econometrics.Starting from reviewing stuffs in introductory statistics, then move on to multiple regressions, non-linear regression.

Although the first part is review, more proofs are introduced than introductory level. I think those content are more difficult than the latter part.

The latter part can be digged into very deeap, but as we focus on application more, those difficult math are not covered. As a result, we are just substituting numbers into equations with a basic understanding towards the concepts.He teaches very well. Everything are explained clearly with easy examples. His teaching pace is very slow which makes everything pleasing. He will go through all the slides with you, so attending lesson helps shorten your revision time.

Also, he understands that some of us are not really good at maths, he try to focus on the concept and application. But for sure maths cannot be avoided.The contents are pretty much summarized in the course description.

Topics included in this course:
Nonlinear Regression Functions
Linear Regression with One Regressor
Regression with a Single Regressor:
Hypothesis Tests and Confidence Intervals
Linear Regression with Multiple Regressors
etc.the lectures are boring, if you are not good at statistics, better learn it yourself before going to class.Some basic knowledge which is a bit further than MATH2411. It's somehow an introductory course about econometrics.He teaches the material at very low speed. Therefore, his class is easy to understand but boring.If you attend every lecture and tutorial, finish the homework and stata lab, things will become very easy. One important thing is, the tutorial is very important, which is even more important than lecture. If you unfortunately miss a tutorial, you'd better manage to catch up with the stuff taught in the tutorial.Things are easy but the revision is necessary. The workload is not heavy.Clear notes to introduce the basic probability review, hypothesis testing and various regression model.
The most important topic is regression model. You can know more details in this course apart from ISOM 2500.
You can learn the software- Stata which is a fantastic tool for creating regression model and analyzing empirical data.Provide enough examples for each statistic tool.
You can understand all the materials if you are in the class.Statistical regression techniques in modelling and estimating economic and business relationships.
Basic knowledge of statistics and regression including linear and non-linear are covered. The focus is simple linear regression.
STATA is also covered and required for homework but not too much.
There are only around four examples throughout the whole textbook. So the prof provided an example himself to help us apply what we've learned into practice (as well as drawing some attention of students...)In most cases, the prof will just repeat what is on the notes and his tone is absolutely matter-of-fact, which makes the classes a little boring. Fortunately, I listened carefully sometimes and once the example he gave was one of the possible answers in the midterm. Going to class and listening to him carefully is therefore important.
The tutorials are even more boring(Peter I'm sorry for that). I together with some friends don't think the TA can explain a problem clearly and briefly. Generally TA will either provides some questions from past paper and work them out with us or goes through what has been mentioned in class, sometimes with new things added though. Those only mentioned in tutorials are not tested of course but may help you get a deeper understanding. Not every week has a tutorial.Not too much for an introductory course
Basically a revisit of ISOM 2500 followed by some economic application and due to the nature of econometrics, a higher emphasis on hypothesis testing.

Exam questions can get quite challenging despite the easy assignements and textbook exercise so be sure to look for extra exercise from other materials if you wish to get a better grade.

Not too much covered on using regression software such as SPSS or STATA, some demonstration during class but not actual use is required.Professor's speech can be quite difficult to follow at times.
The pacing is slightly slower and sometimes professor will use half a lecture to repeat what's already taught in last session.

Nonetheless professor is very keen to answer student question and will respond promptly to enquiries. It will be much easier to follow if you ask him question directly and he's very nice to student so don't hesitate if you have any problem.Data analysis, estimation and the usage of STATA.The lectures are a little bit boring . Listen carefully and take notes. The exam is very easy but be careful about the homework because they are very useful.Good. But the mean can be very very high and SD can be very very very small. So you need to be very prudential in the exams. Take care :).Not too much. 4-5 problem sets in total. Sometimes you need to use STATA to finish your homework but the instruction for it is very clear in the notes.Very trivial and basic concepts related to regression. The course materials only worth 1 credit rather than 4 credits.I have no idea. I have skipped almost all of the classes. I think it is time-saving to study the notes on your own.20% 4 problem sets
20% midterm
60% final

I got one mark deducted in problem sets.
midterm  above mean less than 1 sd.
final  above mean more than 2 sd.

My mistakes are mostly about calculation.
From my point of view, econometrics should be less rigorous than statistics, but with more reasoning on economic application.
It is meaningless for an econometrics course to put so many points on the correctness of the result. Is it accounting?

So be careful, the calculation worths a lot, double check before you write down the number, although you may think the course is too easy as well.

TA said there would be difficult problems to differentiate A and A+, well you know....I don't think the exams and grading criteria are well designed.
I finally got an A.Extremely low workload.
Nothing else to say.@ before midterm, it's a review of ISOM2500 (mean, mode, median, sd, t-stat... and basic stuffs to regression)

@ after mid term-> regression

@ nothing related to ECON@ he uses the textbook's slides, but the slides' organisation are not good.

@ he only focus on one example (student-teacher ratio) throughout the whole sem, I dun judge whether it's gd or not

@ he wont explain every concept in detail, but reading the slides are not very helpful

@ calculations are very simple but in exams, most are  conceptual que.10 sets of ppt:
1.sequential-move Games
2.Simultaneous-move Game
http://3.Best-response Curve Analysis
4.Mixed-strategy
5. Games with Incomplete Information
6.Equilibrium Refinement
7.The Prisoners’ Dilemma and Repeated Game
8.Auction & Mechanism Design
9.Bargaining Theory
10. Rationality and Bounded-rationality

little math involved and interesting content.The reason why I give such a low score is that there are so many mistakes made by both Prof. and TA which confuse students a lot. For example, typo on notes which provides wrong information, misleading (not wrong but just so misleading) information on notes, TA teaches wrong concept and provides wrong answers...
All these together confuses students a lot and one regular lecture became a Q&A section just because students had so many questions on the content.

I want to give a E on teachiing originally. But then, i understand that Prof. tried his best to avoid math in the content and this made him difficult to explain the concepts clearly. Also, prof. Lim has great presentation skills and that's why i give a C.You could learn a lot of practical and useful macroeconomics knowledge (e.g. growth theories, exchange rate, open economy...) in this course. However, the course materials were not easy and I needed to spend a lot of time to fully understand all of them.Teaching style was fair. Professor included a lot of real world examples and topics (e.g. RMB internationalization) which were quite interesting.Mainly theories with some rmb real examples. Little maths. Notes are pretty enough to understand the topics. Some questions in the assignments may be tested so read the notes and assignments thoroughly before you sit for an exam.Like most of the lecturers, she taught the lesson using powerpont, but she also writes down the important things on papers and demonstrate how to draw graphs. She is well-prepared for every lessons.

The professor is very nice. If you find any problems you can just drop her an email and she must reply you and answer you questions.Pretty boring staff. All about theory. Basically no math. All concept staff. Pay attention to what she talked about in the last few lectures which is not in the textbook. They will be tested in the exam for sure.The teacher try to cultivate our interest in economics, but her class is just as boring as the other mainland female economics teachers. Basically if you read the textbook you can predict the next sentence she will say.Extremely easy for HKDSE students who studied Economics, about 70% of the course content overlaps with the HKDSE syllabus. All the concepts and ideas are simple and straight-forward.
This is a core course for Business School students with prior    experience in economics. The course intends to cover the fundamental concepts and tools that are used in microeconomic    analysis. In this course, economics provides a powerful way of thinking that can help understand many human and social phenomena, and also a wide range of career choices.the teacher is quite passionate in teaching
she introduces each concept in a clear manner, and sometimes uses videos and mini games in class to illustrate them
quite easy to understand if you pay attentionCh.1 What is Economics
Ch.2 The Economic Problem
Ch.3 Supply and Demand
Ch.4 Elasticity
Ch.5 Efficiency and Equity
Ch.6 Government Actions in Markets
Ch.7 Global Markets in Actions
Ch.8-9 Possibilities, Preferences, and Choices
Ch.11 Output and Costs
Ch.12 Perfect Competition
Ch.13 Monopoly
Ch.15 Oligopoly
Ch.16 Public Goods
Ch.17 Externalities

Topics taught before first mid-term are all covered in the DSE syllabus.
Though topics after first mid-term exam are mostly new things, they are not too difficult.

Tutorials give quick reviews of things taught in lecture with some example questions.Professor is very patient. She always stayed behind to answer students' questions.

The lecture ppts are very detailed and clear. Even if you missed any lecture, you can still catch up simply by reading the ppts. Textbook is optional since the lecture ppts are very good.The content is quie gd. She bases her analysis on lots of real life examples. They provide you a great insight when analyzising some social issues,like minimum wage in Hong KongFrankly speaking, its quite boring and she will rush in the end if she can't finish all chapter planned. But she will go through every details with you,so if you are concentrated enough, you can get a fluent flow of the concepts.Based on DSE syllabus with some additional more complicated concepts. Content is not hard to understand.No attendance required. She reads the powerpoint. Yet her powerpoints are not as clearly presented as ZhangWenWen's, she likes to hide some parts and only release it right before the midterm/finals. A tiny part seems to be contradictory to what we have learnt in secondary and there tends to be occasional mistakes in powerpoints.Similar to Microecomics in IB. Only a few topics are more complex. Some things are taught different than in higschool (IB), so you will have to get rid of your IB habbits.

Theory of the firm in a free enterprise system; theory of consumer demand; market structures and resource allocation; selected topics on government regulation. More topics treated in greater depth than ECON 2103. Students with non-local qualifications should seek department’s or school’s approval for enrollment in the course.OK.
All the content can be found on powerpoint slides, so you don't have to attend the lectures. However, I recommend going to lecture for professors explanatino, very clear.Basic Microeconomics concepts.

Scarcity
Demand and Supply
Market intervension
Global market
Utility and indifference curves analysis
Output and costs
Market structure
Basic game theory
Externality
Public goods

Content before midterm is mainly DSE stuff, if you can excel in the public exam, you should have no problem.

Post midterm knowledge will be new to local students, it is better to study harder by reading the powerpoint and textbooks.

Content taught by Professor Zhang is simpler and fewer than another professor.Professor Zhang definitely has a good voice which makes the lecture not so boring. Her teaching is based on the slides and the books, if you can understand the materials fully, there is not a great need to attend lectures.

In the lectures, she will project a printed slides and will keep making notes on it. Although most of them will not be tested in exam, you can get some extra knowledge. Her presentation is clear with identifiable accent, but with few value-added from the textbook. Breaks will be allowed in all lecture time, good for us to refresh our minds. She will also play different interesting videos during breaktime. Games related to microeconomics will be played in lectures, quite a good idea.

One point to note: never talk in her lectures, she will be annoyed and stop immediately if the lecture room is noisy.

Anyway there were just around half of the class attending each time.Contents very similar to IB HL Econ.
Basics of Microeconomics
-supply and demand
-specialization
-Elasticity (HL calculations included)
-Theory of the firms (HL)
-Game theory (quite in depth so be careful)

If you have done HL Econ before, it will be pretty easy. If you have don SL Econ, reading IB textbooks really helps. The ppt made by professors usually sucks (i think). Also the recommended textbook isn't really beginner friendly.

Overall, almost all HL econ micro contents in one semester XDShe speaks decent English but it is hard to follow what is going on in the lecture.

THE EXAM PAPERS HAVE SO MANY GRAMMATICAL MISTAKES!!! I got very annoyed taking the multiple choice questions because I did not understand some questions at all because of confusing sentence structures and grammatical errors. Super annoyed after the first midterm. Even the long-answer (short essay) questions are shit. You do not know what the question is asking for.The topics are mostly covered in secondary school under DSE syllabus but each topic would be taught in depth.His lessons are ok in a sense that they are not exceptionally interesting but not boring as well. He mostly follows the powerpoint but sometimes add some more explanations. He also covered topics that he is interested in and wants to share (e.g. prisoner's dilemma).Half of the syllabus are DSE stuffs so there should not be any difficulties in handling it, for the remaining half, do not rely on her teachng, watch youtube and you will understand those concepts.Her monotone voice makes the lecture more boring despite the content of the course. She will blank some of the pages of the powerpoint so in order to get the content of those few pages, you will have to attend the lecture.Content is so far not that difficult as all of us who are registered in this course have studied Economics in our high school and got at least level 4 in HKDSE. However, pls be expected that the topics learnt are the same while the concepts taught are not as same as before. Just like oligopoly, it is all about game theory and a set of stupid theory.His teaching is so far good! His Korean like English accent makes me laugh every day. (No negative means). He uses funny way and accent to teach Economics.

However, he kept skipping powerpoint in his lesson.
So far the record is skipping every 6 slides of ppt at once.

Also, he skipped too fast and thus he "taught" every thing before the last lesson. But the way he used the last lesson was teaching some year 3/4 information economics, which, according to his own words from mouth, wont be needed in the final exam. This is the ridiculous thing I found.i think around 60% of the content is covered by the HKDSE syllabus and the remaining is about drawing curves and calculations. You can check other reviews out to know what topics exactly will the course covers.She teaches in monotone and you will definitely find her lessons boring. My lesson is at 0900-1020 so it was indeed a torture for me. Hence, I think I only attended 40% or less of her lessons as I think it was not so meaningful to me when I would actually drop off during her lessons. But watch out, if you plan to skip lessons, I highly recommend you to purchase the textbook n order to facilitate your learning and remember to read her powerpoints before finals too cuz some are not covered by the textbook.Most content is covered in DSE econ, except Game Theory and some graphs.Very terrible voice. Fall asleep very time in her lesson. For me, reading textbook is far more interesting more having her lesson.Fair. You can get a good mark if you really spend time on it. But remember final exam is MUCH MORE difficult than the midterm, review on thing as hard as you can imagine.Very slight. Even if you hand in a blank paper in the Canvas, you can get a full mark if you hand in your homework in time. But you need to spend much more time on reviewing the book before final, cause the difficulty level of final is much higher than that of midterm and problem sets.The content is quite interesting and he covered most of the topics in the HKDSE, and some contents are taught in a more advanced way, he would teach some questions on the classes and if you pay attention to it, you may find it rewarding and may help you pass your miidterm and exam.You can always talk to him in person after the class is ended and ask for some questions about topics covered on the lecture notes and he would give some decent answer that help you to understand different topics. Some of his personal experience would be shared on his class occasionally during the class to make it not so boring.the knowledge in this course is largely involved in DSE Economics syllabus. it's not a big issue if u get a good grade on dse econ!! Since all of the students who studied econ have been put into the same course and most of them are familiar with the syllabus, a lot of students could get high marks and the exam result curve is high. you have to put much effort on it or otherwise ,you would definitely left behind. so the most important thing about this course is to work hard and submit assignments punctually!No Commentbasic topics in DSE with opportunity cost, demand and supply...
Also some new topics like game theory and indifference curve etc.Participation is not required, I don't know much about her teaching. The tutorial notes and lecture notes are good.
Content of midterms will be covered in lecture while content of final will be covered in final. I recommend you to attend the tutorial at least.The topics he taught are similar to economics in HKDSE, but a bit more advanced. In class, the questions seems easy. But the questions are much harder in mid-term this semester. No attendance is required in his class but he usually answers the important questions only in class so it's better to attend all the classes.His teaching is not boring and he is funny. It is quite interesting because he would add his own experience as examples to teach the concepts in microeconomics.Largely based on the DSE curriculum with some new chapters including monopoly and game theory. Some calculations are involved.Her teaching style is quite dull as she merely read the PowerPoints, and her explanation is not enlightening actually. Plus her uninviting voice, no wonder why a number of students physically or mentally skipped almost all lectures. Although PRS was used during lectures, attendance was not counted. In my opinion, skipping lectures will not hurt.Half of the syllabus is same as dse's one. Easy to catch up.

Ch0. Introduction
Ch1. Thinking like economists
Ch2. Specialization and Gain from Trade
Ch3. Demand and Supply
Ch4. Elasticity
Ch5. Efficiency and Equity
Ch6. Government meets Market
Ch8. Utility and Demand
Ch9. Possibilities, Preferences and Choices
Ch10. Organizing Production
Ch11. Output and Costs
Ch12. Perfect Competition
Ch13, Monopoly
Ch15. Strategic Interaction and Oligopoly
Ch17. ExternalitiesQuite boring but she will go through all the details.
No attendance.

Recommend that you go to class everyday to ensure that you understand the concepts in the professor's ways so the exams will be much easier.Powerpoint is easy to follow and simple.He is funny and interactive. He let us watch video in class so the class would not be too boring.He gives good grade. Even though you get poor result in mid term or final exam, you will still get a good grade ( of course not an A), but you can get a B or C range easily as long as you do the homework.There is only a few homework and you can get in group to finish it. Each homework will only consist of a few queations which don't take you much time.This a a economic course designed for students who have studied economics before in their high school.  Actually more than half of the content is covered in the HKDSE syllabus.  Therefore if you don't pay attention in class, do not do any revision, you should not fail.  But of course if you are aiming A range please work hard.  Professor Lim do not take attendance and you can swap freely between his classes, ie if you sleep late or due to other reasons you miss your class, you can still take the other one.  I quite appreciate this flexibility offered by Professor Lim.Professor Lim's teaching content is acceptable.  Nothing special.  If you are interested in economics, you will understand more easily.  On the other hand, he also tell jokes in class.  This keeps the atmosphere not too boring.  He also tells stories about his family and himself.  Overall good teaching.1   What is economics?
2   Specialization and Gain from trade
3   Demand and Supply
4   Elasticity
5   Efficiency and Equity
6   Government meets market
8   Utility and demand
9   Possibilities, Preferences and choices
10 Organizing Production
11 Output and costs
12 Perfect Competition
13 Monopoly
15 Strategic Interaction and oligopoly
17 Externalities

Generally speaking, what you learnt from secondary school only helps you with chapters 1-6 and 17. For chapters 8-15, you may feel confused during lectures as they are quite difficult to understand. More preparation and revision are needed.Professor is kind and open-minded, just feel free to ask her questions after the lecture or send her email.
She provided examples to different concepts which can be found in her lecture notes. She also tried to make sure all pupils are able to understand what she was teaching. Yet, sometimes she rushed before the end of the lecture.The course covers quite a lot of microeconomics topics. Most topics are very different from what we have learned in secondary school while some basic topics are quite similar. I have talked to Wooyoung and he found out that some concepts that we have learned are wrong in his opinion.Wooyoung's teaching is interesting and he loves interacting with class. For example, he would invite students to participate in 'games' and wake up those who were asleep in his class.
Some examples he explained in class would appear in mid term or final exams,so , paying attention in and attending lectures are very important.Before first midterm: Content are covered in DSE syllabus
Second midterm and final: New topics that require high level of understanding and sole memorisation won't help.
Midterms consist MC only while final exam consists both MC and structured questions. Final is much harder than midterms and mostly covered new topics although it is cumulative.Professor provided more detailed explanation in class but classes were generally boring. Tutorials are more useful than lectures as most important concepts and question types that usually appear in exams were being highlightedif u find that the lecturer cant help u understand the concepts, DON'T attendant lesson!DON'T attendant lesson!DON'T attendant lesson! Read books and notes and youtube maybe more helpful.
BTW, the TA's English is funny but he is hardworking and helpful.Quite interesting,
50% of the content is similar to DSE econ syllabus so better not skip the latter lectures. It is quite boring in the first few lectures. In the latter lectures, many new concepts are not as easy as those earlier to understand.
I like the game theory part.She tries hard to make the lecture interactive. You can tell this as she asks a lot of questions but sometimes i feel sorry for prof coz none answers her questions.

You can skip the lectures and tutorials since attendance is not required.Some basic economic concepts are included at the beginning of the course, should be something you have learned in secondary school. (Production possibilities frontier, demand and supply, elasticity etc.) Some new concepts such as indifference curves are also taught. MANY graphs for topics like monopolistic competition and monopoly. I think parts on Game Theory and Indifference Curve may take you some time to understand. The content is quite OK.Professor Lim is passionate and funny. He tries to arouse students' interest with his dynamic style of teaching. Sometimes, Professor Lim also includes his personal experience in his lecture for illustration. His lesson is pretty vivid. However, I sometimes found his explanation during class pretty confusing.
Yet, if he finds you not paying attention but just phubbing (playing with your phone), he may ask you questions. Just be concentrate during lessons.Half (or even more) of the content is DSE curriculum, so it would not be too difficult for students who have studied economics before. However, there are few topics that are new and difficult to understand (e.g game theory, common resource, indifference curve)His teaching is bad. Although he is passionate, he does not explain content clearly. Things that are in fact simple, he teaches them in a difficult way. Also, he likes teaching difficult parts in every chapter. Lecture notes will be uploaded to canvas. However, those lecture notes are from the publisher. The materials are messy and not well-organized. Many things that he mentions in the lecture (covered in exams) are not written down in notes. Students who aim high, need to jot notes in his lecture and it takes much time to re-organize what he said in the lecture. But he replies email from students quickly and willing to answer questions from students.Microeconomics topics including demand and supply, allocative efficiency, output-cost relationships in the short run and long run, monopoly and its pricing strategies, mapping consumer preferences using indifference curves etc. All the content is more mathematically-oriented than that I've learnt in high school (I've studied the DSE curriculum), with some topics requiring a certain level of understanding about basic differentiation principles. So it takes some time to adjust one's mindset, even if they've studied economics before.Prof. Lim is quite a nice professor: he encourages us to ask questions whenever we have them, and he always tries to explain the concepts to us as clearly as possible. He will also interact with students, encouraging students to participate in in-class activities. Sometimes he will talk about his personal experiences and personal life just to make the lecture more interesting and to make his explanations about concepts more vivid.Nearly cover the whole DSE syllabus, while also teach something extra. As the schedule is quite tight, it will be quite hard to catch up if you miss any class.Professor Lim is a funny instructor and his lecture is quite interesting.  The lectures are easy to follow, while the tutorial before homework deadlines and test are very useful. The TA explain the material in a very detail manner and you can seek help from him whenever you face any difficulty as he is a very nice person.About microeconomics.
But different professor does not teach exactly the same scope. Professor Lim is majoring in particularly Game Theory, so he always mentions it in lessons.To be frank, the teaching is bad.
I did not skip any of the lecture lessons from Professor Lim. On the first lesson, I thought I was so lucky that I had quite a fun person to be my professor, especially when I knew that he is a Korean. However, his explanation is not good. Maybe this is my problem. Believe it or not, he explained every topic for a long time but I personally do not think he elaborate them in a clear way.

Also, I do not think he is a person with passion in teaching and helping you. He provided his own-created practice questions for you as homework. However, he will only post the answer to canvas a week or so before the exam. Moreover, his answers which are created by him again are so simple that it could be fewer than ten words for a question with more than 30 marks. It made me so confusing and could not catch up with what he really wanted us to answer. When my friends and I tried to ask him for more detailed answer key, he just answered that he saw no point in doing it and eventually ignored our request.

Sorry for those who love Professor Lim a not, but  I really do not have much good impression about him. I hope all of you could be wise in choose your professor!Demand Supply, Elasticity, Market structure etc...all basic econ stuff you can imagine. There are iPRS questions every lecture to test students' understanding but are not recorded for your attendance.  If you think you're good enough for this course, you can skip every lessons, and tutorial for sure.She's actually very open to questions and discussions and always tries to explain everything in depth.In-deph content.Not very hard to catch up with, for most of the topics.The grading is not very harsh.The course workload is not difficult to handle. There were a few sets of homework exercises that are assigned by the professor, she, however stated very clearly that the assignment is graded merely on the record of handing it in but not your answer. In this sense, part of your mark for the course grade is in fact secured, and that you are allowed to finish the assignment under a schedule that you see fit.Chapter1-What is Economics
Chapter2-The Economic Problem
Chapter3-Supply and Demand
Chapter4-Elasticity
Chapter5-Efficiency and Equity
Chapter6-Government Actions in Markets
Chapter7-Global Markets in Actions
Chapter8,9-Possibilities, Preferences, and Choices
Chapter11-Output and Costs
Chapter12-Perfect Competition
Chapter13-Monopoly
Chapter15-Oligopoly
Chapter16-Public Goods

Personally, I think it was not only about DSE econ, content was more deep and in detail. New concepts and content were also introduced in this course.She taught quite well, explanation was adequate and clear
Pace was just right, not too fast and not too slow.
2 Worksheets were given before midterm and final respectively, there were some short questions. Some of them might be similar to short questions in exams.
Tutorials were quite useful, although it was not compulsory, additional worksheets were distributed.If you study HKDSE / IB Econ courses in high school, this course is a piece of cake, as it covers more or less the same thing.She uses iPRS, fyi.

Basically she just reads from the power point.  Even if she tried to be interactive and asks us questions, we are not slightly motivated...Half of it is covered in secondary and the new things are not difficult to understand.A bit boring but she explains quite clearlytwo mid terms
final
homework

the mid terms are all mc and very easy
final is more difficult but not very
homework only check your submissionquite few as only have some online homework and she wont see the content of your fact you can only submit a blank page to her every time and she will still give you full mark of homework.It may be a little bit boring for those who have taken Economics in local secondary school . But ,most of the topic is quite related to HKDSE Economies .The teacher is very nice . She will give candy or money to those people who answer her question .She will also share her daily life . 10 minutes break is given at each lessonOpportunities cost
PPF
monopoly
oligopoly
monopolistic competition
production curve..Pointpower
Some video
It is easy for you to catch up the lesson by reading the powerpoint and books at homeOpportunities cost
PPF
monopoly
oligopoly
monopolistic competition
production curve
etcShe basically read out the powerpoint.
Sometimes she further explain some relative complicated economic concepts in her own words.
It was easy to catch up the lesson because the rhythm of the lesson is relatively slow.
During the lesson, there were PRS to test the knowledge just taught or have a revision before midterm and exam. Those won't be counted to grading.
Also, there were a few games to introduce some knowledge like the difference pricing strategies between monopoly, oligopoly and monopolistic competition.Content is related to DSE/CE/AL Economics. Basic Stuff. Half of the syllabus is from secondary school. Content is kinda interesting and useful.Not super interesting. There are some interactions and games during some lectures tho. The teaching assistants did provided lots of useful skills and exercises.The Grading is quite nice. Midterms and Finals and quite easy. Only need to avoid mistakes then you could have good grades.Complete homework sets which are a bit complicated. Overall the workload is low. We were also given quite a lot of time to prepare.It's basically the extension of HKDSE economics. Content includes utility concept, and consumption possibilities, and also a review of what you have learned in secondary school. I would say it is not that hard if you pay attention in class.Wenwen try to be fun and motivate us to speak out in class. However, the teaching is a bit boring, i confess. She is a nice lecturer indeed, and would answer your questions after class. And she remembers your name too. one point to add: she will give extra marks for student who answered her credit-bearing questions.Quite basic concepts involved and doesn't really take attendance, even though there's iPRS.Don't understand a thing at all, the notes are useless because there is no explanations or examples of the most difficult topics which consisted half of the mid term and finals.The course discusses concepts in DSE Economics most. If you think DSE Economics is not really difficult, then you need not worry about this course. This course also includes some new Economics concepts, which i think is not very challenging.The professor taught quite well. She sometimes raised questions and gave presents to those who answered the questions. Also, we use IPRS during the lesson to do some practice. I think the class is quite funny.Most of them are included in the DSE syllabus, but it contain both elective parts in DSE. Fortunately, it is quite easy to follow even you just attend the tutorial.Wenwen's teaching is good, she shows video clip to the class sometimes to make the class more interesting and enhance our understanding.The grade is taken from the highest score calculated by  two grading system, one weight more on the final and the other less. So you can still get a high grade if you don't get a high score in final.Two midterm, one final with MCs and few long question. There are few assignments, but quite easy. Also, no attendance taken, so the workload is light I would say.Based on DSE syllabus and some more in depth contents. As this course is for those who have Econ background, so it won't be difficult to understand the materials.I have attended both Ding, Fei and Wenwen's lessons, I would say the way that Wenwen taught was more like when we were in secondary school which some may think it's better while some don't. As fro Ding, Fei, she taught a bit slower than Wenwen, because she may focus on discussing one single question for half of the lesson.I believe the purpose was that she wanted us to think and discuss and "explore" the answers by ourselves. I think both of them are quite good.mostly about dse econ stuff
detailed ppt with slides around 50 or above
are willing to stay behind and explainmainly talk about ppt, some extra exercise will be given in class and canvas
sometimes there are interactive role play session in lectures
have PRS but do not count attendance1/3 topics are covered in dse economics
the other 2/3 are quite difficult (at least for me)

detailed powerpoint, normally 50 slides or aboveso far i did attend lectures for only few times because i think attending lectures don't help me a lot. i think using the lecture time to do self study and revision would be a wiser choice. lectures are boring and a lot of students skipped econ lectures, so i do not have much to comment

for ta peter, i think tutorial is a bit useful than lecture that tutorials cleared some of my wrong conceptssimple economic concepts
basically a quick revision course of high school materials
light, not hard to comprehendyou can afford to skip her classes because she just reads off the ppt slides, and her slides are pretty complete and self-explanatory + no attendance

personally not a fan of her voice, it gets annoying after a while. but she's a nice teacher who is willing to answer your questions in breaks and after classMore in-depth content when compared with HKDSE syllabus.-basic microeconomic knowledge.
-quite easy with a great proportion of content covered in dse syllabus.-she just keeps talking throughout the lesson.
-it's actually okay not to go for her lessons given that you revise and read the ppt and understand everything yourself.One-third to half of the topics in the course is covered in NSS Economics and the other topics come from AL Economics(I believe lol), so all in all it is not very hard to study and follow.Though as I mentioned the course material is not particularly hard so her teaching doesn't affect much, I would say her teaching is pretty clear with an appropriate pace. I would also like to give credit to her effort in trying to make the lectures more interactive by incorporating 'experiments' in some lessons which require participationContent is quite interesting and easy for those who have studied economics in dse. More than half of the content are the same with that in dse and there are also new knowledge.Teaching is quite clear and there are some interacting activities during lectures.The first half of the course should be simple for most of the students, as they are only about DSE econ stuff. So basically you can skip all lessons before first mid-term exam. However, you need to pay attention into some new concepts that are not included in the DSE econ. For example, budget line, indifference curve etc.Her teaching is nothing special at all. I mean, if you are willing to pay effort to read the notes yourself, you need not attend her lessons. During lecture, she just add some extra stuff/ explanations which are not going to be covered in the mid-term/final.Very fundamental Economics. The course starts from NSS Economics (which all local ECON2113 students should have good grasps on it), and then develops into Utility & Demand, Cost and Output, Market Types (perfect competition, monopoly, oligopoly)

The first 40% of course is very easy to everyone. However, difficulties will escalate afterwards and regular practices on questions are very important (The part on utility, indifference curve analysis is the most difficult part because it was an untaught topic in HKDSE but appeared in HKALE)Her teaching is quite boring because she just reads  the Powerpoint slides and add some notes on it. Although it is boring, your concepts will be very clear if you can tolerate that boredom and strive through the semester.

She will assess some side-concepts (but difficult) mentioned in class. For mid-term 2, she assessed the concept that was taught for a few minutes in class (Indifference curve analysis involving Inferior goods). Attend her lessons if you can.The contents of her powerpoints are great with a lot of details, you can easily understand what the theories are talking about. You can also get a high marks through reading her powerpoints. There are 14 microeconomics topic in the whole semester. Most of them are the topics which taught in the DSE syllabus including externalities, short run long run, efficiency and equity, etc. It is easy to handle them if you have studied economics in your DSE.Her teaching is nice and she always explains the   economics theories through games and activities. Also, there are no attendance system for her classes. Therefore, you can either attend her classes or absent from her classes, no punishment will be given. However, In my semester, there are 2 points for people who have answer her questions in the lecture.Tutorials are also available. There are useful notes provided in the tutorial classes, which is more important than attending the lecture.ECON 2113 is an economics course for students with some econ. background. Part of the content was already covered in HKDSE syllabus, such as opportunity cost, demand/supply, elasticity, government intervention and production possibilities - these were mostly covered before the first mid-term. After the first mid-term the difficulty of the content has increased a lot - indifference curves, long-run/short-run production, oligopoly games, etc. We might have some basic ideas on these topics in HKDSE but they would be discussed in a more in-depth manner in this course.I cannot say Prof. Ding's teaching is useless - she does help me to clear some misunderstandings on the concepts. But her speaking tone is pretty boring and flat, making me fall asleep very often... anyway attendance is not compulsory, just skip the lectures if you can understand the content and dislike her voice.
TA is Peter. He usually covers useful mathematical approaches for solving problems in tutorials, which the problems will appear in the exams. I think it is good for you to attend the tutorials, or at least take a hard-copy of the tutorial notes.
Both Prof. Ding and Peter welcome questions. They are quite patient to answer you. Don't hesitate to ask if you have some difficulties.Very Easy
DSE Level Economics with utility theory and some game theory
If you know Cantonese, Herman Yeung can help you if you have any problemHer teaching was okay
if you dont understand wt she is saying,
go home and self-study
it is not that hard anywayThe content is not very difficult. Basically many topics are covered in DSE so it is quite relaxing and easy to follow at the beginning. Some topics like consumption possibilities,perfect competition and monopoly are quite difficult and very different from DSE so it is better to pay more attention to these chapters.If you can't follow, you may find the professor or TA immediately , they are willing to help. It 's better not to accumulate or leave your questions as you can't learn everything before exam.The explanation in lecture is very clear and adequate. But sometimes it is quite a rush in the lectures and it is difficult to follow, especially in some topics that are not taught in DSE. She will write some notes on the printed powerpoint slides so personally it is better to print out a copy of powerpoint and follow what she writes. Jotting notes in computer may be less efficient. Before midterms and final exam, she will give us some in-class exercise and MC questions which are generally easy and help us prepare for exam. Sometimes at the beginning of lectures she will share some videos which are quite funny. The TA guy will give us some exercises in tutorials but he is rushing everything super fast !!! If you have not attended lectures, basically you can't follow in tutorials after midterm 1.This course is for the students who studied economics before so most of the content are similar with DSE.
PRS will be used in lectures and there are some MCQs will be asked and students are required to respond in real time.Prof Zhang is really nice, she always answer the questions asked by students with a smile. She specks with a high tone and that's why students will not fall asleep easily.Most of the syllabus content has already been covered in the IB/DSE, making the lectures very boring, and the tutorials useless. Furthermore, there is an alarming lack of use of higher-order skills in this course. By higher-order skills, I mean evaluation, synthesis, etc. This, again, has the effect of removing any potential challenge (if there was any to be had) from this course. Therefore, I think this course has no actual use, apart from helping students fulfill their requirements.There is literally no interaction between the lecturer and the students. When the lecturer literally has to bribe the students to answer questions, it is obvious that the lecturer lacks ability to interact with students.

With regards to actual content, the lecturer is content with just reading from the powerpoint files that are on canvas. The only saving grace is that the lecturer explains how to do problems quite well.basically teaching the concepts that you learned in DSE. The PPT she provided are mainly the content from books. So, you don't need to buy book for understanding.  Also, in her course, you will watch quite a lots videos and funny clips. Most important is that, you would have break during the lesson.Just following the PPT but sometimes will add deep sea question. She like to use IPRS to ask questions. However, her English pronunciation is not so well and you may have to listen carefully.she usually teach with the lecture notes.
The content is usually about margin, supply and demand, which is the things that we have learnt in high school.she will have iprs quiz,
which make the class more interesting and can make the concept more clear in your mind.
There are good lecture notes with simple explaination,which worth studying:)A little bit different from what you learnt at highschool
Easy to follow up if focus on lessonNot boring at all
Wooyoung likes to cover a lot of game theory in lesson
Well therefore less time is spent on other topics, might need to study that more by your ownSimilar to Microecomics in IB. Only a few topics are more complex. Some things are taught different than in higschool (IB), so you will have to get rid of your IB habbits.OK.
All the content can be found on powerpoint slides, so you don't have to attend the lectures.Similar to Microecomics in IB. Only a few topics are more complex. Some things are taught different than in higschool (IB), so you will have to get rid of your IB habbits.OK.
All the content can be found on powerpoint slides, so you don't have to attend the lectures.Content is not very challenging. Most things are already covered in Econ HKDSE. The new content introduced it easy to follow since HKDSE provides a good foundation.

Attendance was voluntary, though there were some days where "games" were played and attendance was counted.

Participation was encouraged by giving out cards.Prof was interesting. He has a slight Mandarin accent, but not too strong.

He is quite a serious prof, so doesn't deviate from the syllabus, and doesn't make many jokes. You will learn if you try not to doze off.-content is mainly similar to DSE Econ, except production possibility frontier (PPF)game theory
-No PRS questions
-No attendance will be taken during her classShe is a really nice teacher with fluent English compared to most of the mainland professors. Reviewing exercises will always be provided before exams.Concrete economics concepts, easy and understandable. Clear explanations with out syllabus stuffs for assistance and clarifications. Syllabus have some of the parts overlapping with DSE Economics syllabus, therefore even you skip some lectures, you can still understand the concepts and ideas. Lecture notes are easy-following.Nice lecturer who make the class fun. Good interactions. Sometimes lecturer play some videos or playing a stimulation game with students to help them follow or understand the ideas. This may also help them to raise their learning motivation.2 midterms plus 1 final
8 problem sets

Half of the content is similar to ECON DSE contentno attendance taking
a few prs but will not count in grading
attend only one tutorial session, professor always change the tutorial class to the office hour so you do not need to attend
but quite boring in the lectureDemand and supply
indifference curve
cost of production
monopoly
oligopoly
externality

scheme 1
midterm 1 (40 MC) 25%
midterm 2 (40MC) 25%
final cumulative and very difficult (40 MC + 6 long Q) 45%

scheme 2
the best midterm 35%
final 60%
problem set 5% ( she doesn't check the answer of PS, she said as long as you submit it , she will count the mark, even a blank sheet)I appreciate that she gives freedom to students. Like she will upload ppt with full solution on CANVAS and does not take attendance. even she found you sleeping during lecture, she won't wake you up lol

the ppt is clear and not word lengthyContent not too difficult, especially if you have learnt previous topics before.Personally, I did not enjoy Ding Fei's lessons because of her slow teaching style. However, she did make repeated attempts for students to give her feedback so that she could change her teaching methods.20%A 40%BMicroeconomics, topics included demand supply, elasticity, externalities and personal benefit.
Be careful, the content and syllabus of Microeconomics taught by Hu, Wei wei and Lim, Woo Young is completely different. So don't waste your time to sit another professor's lesson.The accent is not easy to understand, so you may get bored by her teaching. She follows the lecture notes and doesn't count attendance.Grading is fair, grades are given in proportion to your performance accordinglyPartly overlapped with DSE's economics, the only new idea might be the Game Theory. It would be quite easy for you to handle this course if you already understand the basic microeconomics knowledge well during your secondary studies.His funny accent and dynamic presentation skill will always grab your attention, he is also good at explaining complex ideas with simple but representative examples, one of the most popular lecturer.high school stuff such as demand and supply, marginal cost, efficiency etc.
only new thing are game theory, indifference curve and PPF.Her teaching is clear but boring, especially in a LT with bad air circulation. Many topics are learnt in secondary school so it is not that important to pay attention.very good, but the curve is high as the exam content is not very hard. The game theory part is similar with practice questions.only a few assignment throughout the whole semester. with midterm and final.One of the best professors I had for the whole year of study in terms of teaching, grading and workloadVery engaging in terms of presentation styles that would help keep you awake for most of the classQuite fair considering as long as you get around 1 sd above the mean for both the midterm and final then it's very likely for you to be in the A rangeA problem set every two or three weeks
No quizzes or projects or presentation
Other than that no other regular workloadMost of the content is covered in the DSE syllabus, but some concepts that are taught in DSE are revealed to be wrong, so better pay attention to the lesson and figure out the whole thing. Well, reciting does not help much in your final and mid-term, you have to make sure you understand the concepts. Dun skip the lesson when It comes to games theory, otherwise u won't be able to understand it. Also, going thru the questions behind each chapter is not that useful when the style is totally different.He is a funny person and a nice man with much passion. Pls pay attention to his lesson, dun be ate otherwise he will find u after the lesson.Ch.1 What is Economics
Ch.2 The Economic Problem
Ch.3 Supply and Demand
Ch.4 Elasticity
Ch.5 Efficiency and Equity
Ch.6 Government Actions in Markets
Ch.7 Global Markets in Actions
Ch.8-9 Possibilities, Preferences, and Choices
Ch.11 Output and Costs
Ch.12 Perfect Competition
Ch.13 Monopoly
Ch.15 Oligopoly
Ch.16 Public Goods
Ch.17 Externalities

Topics taught before first mid-term are all covered in the DSE syllabus.
Though topics after first mid-term exam are mostly new things, they are not too difficult.

Tutorials give quick reviews of things taught in lecture with some example questions.
TEACHING
Professor is very patient. She always stayed behind to answer students' questions.

The lecture ppts are very detailed and clear. Even if you missed any lecture, you can still catch up simply by reading the ppts. Textbook is optional since the lecture ppts are very good.
GRADING
Assessment contains the following:

1) Problem sets (10%)
There are 2 problem sets in total. Answer to the most of the questions can be found on the Internet.

2) Online Quizzes (10%)
10 Quizzes in total. 10 questions each. They are credited by submission. As long as you submit all the quizzes before deadline, no matter how much score you got, you'll still get a full mark for this category.

3) Mid-term Exams (20%+20% OR 30%)
2 Mid-term exams in total. Topics covered in each exam were very few. Both are quite easy.
- 35 MCQ (70%), 2 LQ (30%)
- 1st Mid-term: Mean 85.3, S.D. 8.6
- 2nd Mid-Term: Mean 80.7 S.D. 9.4

4) Final Exam (40% OR 50%)
Difficulty is easier than DSE Econ.
- Mean: 83.8 S.D.: 11.95

~93-95% A-
~95-98% A
~98-100% A+faireasy stuff. most content is covered in HKDSE and concept is not difficult. this course is relatively easier than other coursesquite useless. reading notes at home by urself is enough for this course.very good. my mid term abd final exam is roughly above sd and i got an overall grade A for this course.workload is very light. u just have to hand in 2 problem sets and do 10 online quiz (10 mc quetions) on canvas for 20% of the course. there is 2 mid term but u can simply ust 1 mid term and ur final exam for grade calculation .Mostly basic stuffs learnt in DSE like Demand Supply, elasticity etc. New stuffs such as indifference curve, marginal utility are also included. Easy to handle and you don't need much time to understand the whole syllabus.Haven't attended any lessons since Week2. I am not sure about it but i heard that she was okay.Content are basic micro stuff that we once learnt. Micro and some basic econ concepts that can be easily found anywhere on the internet. Just make sure you check the class ppt which helps alotTeaching is quite good, very interactive and efficientIt's pretty much repeating what you've learned in highschool, especially for a level students. kinda easy to cope and she uses real life examples for her lecture.she's pretty nice but she tend to go quick, it's not much of a problem since i've learned them in highschool. But she accomodates lots of questions after class or you can even look for her in her office and she's willing to help10% problem sets + 10% online quizzes + 30%mid-term exam + 50%final exam
No attendanceA little bit boringmean B- to B
Normal gradingLow workload
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
zzzzz
zzz
zzz
zz
z
zz

z
z
z
z
z

z
z

z
z

z
z
z

z
z
z

z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z

z
z

z
z
z

z

z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z
z

z
z
z
z

z

ztalking about Microeconomics
the most of content is about pricing , demand theory or another thing
lesson after midterm ,SKW will teach some interesting concept like efficiencygood........Hilarious Hilarious Hilarious Hilarious Hilarious HilariousBasic stuffs about macroeconomics. You will need to focus on how to derive formulas, rather than just memorizing them. Contents are basically about goods market, money market, and labor market in short term, mid term, and long term.Teaching is based on power points and some proofs. Some of power points are not from the text book so you are recommended to attend classes.PPT content almost all taken from the textbook. Professor would do a little modification, add a few slides about updated data and events. So when you review for exams, the book only serves as exercise book :D but the exercises are quite good.
This theory I mainly tells you some models used in macroeconomics: IS-LM model and AS-AD model. Jenny would explain very carefully and you must learn her way of explanation, because this will be tested a lot in the exams.
In this course, we assume that there is no international trade, no export/import. Only consumption, investment and government spending. Bank activities are also simplified. Quite easy to understand. But we shall understand macroeconomics much better when we take international trade into consideration in theory II.Jenny explains concepts rather clearly (her English is good as well). She would draw diagrams and write detailed explanation. Occasionally she also invites students to do the process the same way she does, good practice for homework and exams. Remember to copy her writings, as the scanned version comes out late.The course clearly divided the analyses of Macroeconomics into parts: Short-Run Model (ISLM), Medium-Run Model (ASAD, which incorporates price level) and Long-Run Growth model, which copes mainly with capital and technology.

However, in the last few lectures (2-3, as I remember), a little introduction to open economy (incorporating export and import) was made.

Overall, I think the content included in the course is quite a lot, compared to Microeconomics(ECON 2103). And the difficulty of Macroeconomics should be a little bit higher than Microeconomics. As 2103 is mostly common sense. 2123 is getting tough starting from medium-run model. And since Short-run model (ISLM) is used for BOTH medium-run and open economy and it was also the only topic tested in midterm, make sure you understand the content before midterm well.I think Prof. Li presentation in lectures was good and clear. I would say, also as she mentioned in classes, it is better to do the reading before classes. But I would also say you can follow through the lectures well even you skip the readings since the content is not really challenging, the amount of content is the troubling part.

Professor is from Hefei, China as I remember. I think her English is clear so there should not be any problems with accent.Basically it was an introduction to microeconomic theories.Professor was nice and willing to answer students' questions. He explained the concepts clearly with real world examples. You would be able to understand all the materials given that you didn't skip any lessons.Covers more material than Fei Ding and has a final that is one hour longer than Fei Ding. Two midterms and 1 final, but he will drop the lower of the two midterms.Great, passionate teacher who goes at quite a fast pace. Would recommend going into class having read the materials because he uses the powerpoint slides as a base and explains most things verbally in class. If you have already read the material before hand, his lectures is very helpful in clarifying the material. However, if you are unprepared, it is easy to get loss during the lecture rendering class time useless.Always the sameWing is a funny guy. He provides lots of example and is willing to answer your question inside or outside classroom!! Be friend with him XDMidterms are purely MC questions
Final is 50%MC 50% Long Question (around 4)

Marking Scheme (take the higher one):
Scheme (1): Course score with TWO midterms
Problem Sets 10%
Midterm Exams ((1) and (2)) 22.5% + 22.5%
Final Exam 45%

Scheme (2): Course score with ONE midterm
Problem Sets 10%
Midterm Exam ((1) or (2), the higher one) 35%
Final Exam 55%

Exam is not that hard if you spend some time to read textbook exercise. Grade is fine.

PS Over 90% A+None except problem set, Tutorial is optionalLong story short: IS-LM and PS-WS relation.....in an international trading contextWorst and Best Lecturer at the same time. If you did not pre-study and you can follow his logic flow in all lectures, that's a premature congrats from me for getting an A+. Otherwise, you're pretty much screwed.

JK but srsly, the most efficient way to study this course is to "Use your brain" (SKW 2017) during lectures, which I lamentably agree with. It's not easy as it sounds, he has the notorious habit of casually skipping 5 slides during the lecture and expect you to follow. lol what a guy.The course material is tightly related to the Blanchard Macroeconomics. So If you want to get a good grade or want to learn deeply in Macro, just read the book thoroughly.Honestly, Wing is not that responsive... But the TA is always helpful! You need to do a lot of self-study to fully understand what he is talking about in class...Content covers short run, medium run and long run, each phase is a big topic and a little bit similar so you will easily mix up them.
Really different from DSE econ but it will definitely help you, so for those who didn't study DSE econ should be a little bit tough...Siu Kam Wing is a funny professor, he always talk about his past experiences so you won't feel boring in his lesson. But for those who attended 9am lesson for learning knowledge it was a torture.
However his ppt is horrible, you must follow him during lesson in order to get the ppt. Sometimes the ppt consist of a graph that with no symbol, no notations.
If you don't want to attend lesson you better buy the textbook and read it through. The textbook is much more useful than his ppt.Content is a bit confusing as it involves a lot of technical details. I believe sometimes better self-study textbook instead of going to the lecture.Teaching is fine. Prof Zhang is very well-prepared for the lectures. But you really need to do self study before and after lectures to keep to her pace. So better self study instead of going to the lecture as attendance is not required. But do go to the lectures before the midterms and final exam because she gives good hints of what is important to study.SO DIFFICULT
so much more than DSE macro
first few chapters are still manageable but as it moves to middle run/whatever, it is so hard and difficult to understand
so much to memorize, complicated graphs60-70% lecture is about his life/ hong kong / ust (irrelevant topics)
20-30% is the actual content
(greatly reduced my motivation to go to his classes)The course is mostly about GDP, IS-LM model, AS-AD model, Solow model and things in the open economy.the professor is passionate
she tried to make the class active by interacting with students
her explanation is quite detailed compared with some professorsfair grading
her usual practices are making the midterm very simple but very difficult for the final exam...
overall is still okay. If your score is above mean in the midterm, the final exam will be more or less the same.two assignments (hard copy)
one midterm (MC and LQ)
10 quizzes (gain mark as long as you do it)
one final (MC and LQ)The content is totally different from what you have learned in High School, but having an economics background can help you understand concepts more easily.

The first part from Shor-Run to middle run is okay. However the Long Run part gets quite hard to understand.Her powerpoint has just the key elements. Her voice is quite boring and soft but if you pay attention you can get the concepts.

However you will need to read the entire textbook to understand the answering technique of the long questions in the final exam.Introduction to macroeconomic theory and policy analysis. Significantly harder than ECON 2103 (Microeconomics).

The first part of the course explores how GDP, inflation, unemployment, and other macroeconomic aggregates are measured in practice. “Equilibrium” among these variables in different markets will be studied in the short, the medium, and long run. Goods and money markets are identified by IS-LM model in the short run. Then we move to the labor market and put all the markets together to derive the AS-AD model in the medium run. In the long run, we develop analytical models of macroeconomic performance and growth. Such a theoretical framework will allow us to study the impacts of fiscal and monetary policies on the economy. Last part focuses on open macroeconomic issues.Creates a conducive class environment for studying.

I suggest printing out the lecture notes as she will write down notes while she is explaining.

No attendance.The content is interesting. It does not really same with those learnt in DSE. It talks about short, medium and long run for economy.I have no idea what he is talking about. he just talk about his life, his love stories , his success over the lessons. Basically you do not need to attend any, just read the textbook will be enough. the lecture notes is too brief in which there are many nonsense and unrelated wordings.Quite easy contents but require preparation before exams
The first part of the course explores how GDP, inflation, unemployment, and other macroeconomic aggregates are measured in practice. “Equilibrium” among these variables in different markets will be studied in the short, the medium, and the long run. Goods and money markets are identified by IS-LM model in the short run. Then we move to the labor market and put all the markets together to derive the AS-AD model in the medium run. In the long run, we develop analytical models of macroeconomic performance and growth. Such a theoretical framework will allow us to study the impacts of fiscal and monetary policies on the economy. Last part focuses on open macroeconomic issues.No CommentA tour of the world
A tour of the book
The goods market
The financial market
IS-LM model
The labor market
AS-AD model
Growth
Savings, Capital Accumulation, Output
Openness in goods and financial markets
The goods market (in an open economy)
Output, interest rate, exchange rate

Short run, Medium run, Long runtbh she's just reading off the slides
the textbook > her lectures
u can afford to skip her classes
tbh she's pretty
but i personally find her voice quite annoying (like mosquitos)
she'll stop talking if the class gets too noisy
in the second half of the course i feel that it's useless to come to her class cus i dont understand shit, so if u wanna come it's better to pre-read and understand the lecture contents firstThe materials is quite hard understand at first if you are not particularly good at economics. However once you are clear with the basic concepts the rest would be easier to get through. Some calculation is needed throughout the course but those are not hard at all despite the lengthy notation used.Fei's accent might be boring for some students but you could still understand the materials by reading the notes and textbook by yourself if you are patient enough. Asking the TAs could help a lot.The course is quite boring.Wenwen is quite passionate and she will provide useful ppt but not full set so you need to attend the class to get all the informations. She has a mainlander accent so sometimes is hard to hear what she is talking. You need to be so active in the class in order to make her remember your name and gain your participation marks.the course is mostly about
definition and calculation of GDP
IS-LM model
AS-AD model
Solow model
and GDP in an open economy
It requires basic math skills.the professor is passionate, but the course is not so interesting.
although she tried to make the class active by involving interactions with students, the lectures still made me sleepy.Midterm (focus on closed economy):
GDP
IS-LM model
labour market

Final (mainly focus on open economy):
middle run
long runShe is nice and her teaching is quite good. She explains the concepts clearly.Overview, which is about the GDP and GDP deflator and something, which is not very important.
Short-run, IS-LM model, the goods market and the financial market with some implementation of monetary policy and fiscal policy.
Medium-run, AS-AD model, people change their expectation.
Long-run, the effect of technological progress and how to sustain growth.
Open economy, basically the short-run with trades.Ding Fei is definitely a good teacher and she is very nice and very logical during her teaching, she tried to explain everything as clear as possible during lecture.
Always ask "Do you understand the logic behind" to see if everyone know what is going on. However, it is a 9-am class so people tends to be sleepy and inactive.
But I do think attending class would be very beneficial for your understanding.most of the content relevant to textbook, useful knowledge about the world fiscal and monetary policieslogical, easy to understand and take notes. the professor is explicit at lecture and you can get the concepts easily following her teaching. She is patient if you ask questions after class.The Goods Market
The Financial Market
IS-LM
(Medium run) The labour Market
AD-AS Model
Crisis
Growth( Long Run)
Saving, Capital accumulation, and output
Openness in Goods and Financial Markets
Goods Market in an open economy
Output, the interest rate, and the exchange rate
Policy issuesSiu Kam Wing is a good teacher. Interesting lessons.
He will repeat the main concepts.I do not know how to grade this since her teaching is a mess. Maybe the content is appropriate if i was taught by someone else.She will look at the ground and says " i am not reciting! i understand the concepts and their relationship" something like that. But without looking at the powerpoint, it does not mean she not reciting! In my eyes, she is simply reciting everything.notes are not very detailed and it is better for you to jot down what he says and refer to the textbookyou would not feel bored in the lecture as he talks and explains in an interesting and interactive wayi think he is lenient in mid-terms (MCQs only) , but final is difficult

it is important for you to understand the cause and effect of the phenomena as explained in the models, not just memorise, because you would face much illustrations and explanations in the examquite light because practice questions are easy to get done, as he will properly give marks if you try to answer something

tutorial classes have great flexibility as they are held irregularlyShort, medium and long run in a closed economy is covered, as well as short run in an open economy. A lot of graphs and figures are used to illustrate how economies behave, when looking at them from different time perspectives.The professor seemed very well prepared, however, often her teaching style is not very engaging and can be quite monotonous. She knows her lecture slides very well and I can see that the content is not unfamiliar, however, perhaps she can be more engaging. This is always a difficult issue as teaching in a rather large lecture theatre means that close interaction with 100 students will be difficult.Short Run:
- Goods Market model
- Financial Market model
- IS-LM Model
Medium Run:
- Labour market
- AD-AS Model
Long Run:
- Solow–Swan model
Open economy
- Goods market in open economy
- Financial market in open economy
- IS-LM model in open economyHer voice make people feel sleepy, so I skip almost all her lesson.

There are some tutorial to discuss the questions in problem sets and mid-term exam. You can ask some questions to TAs about the content of the course in tutorials or Just Email them, they are very nice.Includes:
What is Macroeconomics, The Financial market, The IS-LM model, The Labor Market, The AS-AD Model, The Crisis, The Facts of Growth, Saving, Capital Accumulation, and Output, Technological Progress and Growth, Openess in Goods and Financial Markets
Output, the Interest Rate and the Exchange Ratevery enthusiastic. good.Content is focused on macroeconomics and there are four main sections - the short run, the medium run, the long run, and open economy.

Key topics include; IS-LM model, AS-AD model, growth and capital stock accumulation, open economy (trade, exchange rates), and policy expectations/fiscal policy/monetary policy.

The professor posts .pptx files for each topic, but if you want a comprehensive understanding and explanation of all the diagrams, it's better to read the textbook (especially useful for the final exam).Prof. Siu is a really funny and engaging teacher, and he does have lots of "life stories" which he talks about a lot during lectures, however he does get slightly off-topic *sometimes*. Prof. Siu is very helpful if you approach him after lecture with any questions you have about the course content (or just general econ stuff). I highly recommend registering his lecture, be prepared to laugh quite a lot (although sometimes he gets very off topic and ends up rushing through the content due to a lack of time).This course is very difficult
DSE econ background does not help you in this course. Instead it confuses you moreShe is helpful
you can always ask herShe promised to give 20% A range and 40% B range

PS 15%
in class midterm 30%
final 55%

midterm stat
- The numbers are in following order: MC/ SQ/ Total

==================================
ECON2123, Midterm, L1
Total    50    20    70
Max    50    20    70
Min    10    5    18.5
Mean    35.48    15.75    51.22
Median    38    17    54
St Dev    8.32    3.45    10.76
==================================
ECON2123, Midterm, L2
Total    50    20    70
Max    50    20    68
Min    12    4.5    18.5
Mean    35.90    13.63    49.54
Median    36    14.5    50.5
St Dev    8.38    3.51    10.67
==================================
ECON2123, Midterm, L1    
Range    Frequency
65-70    6
60-64.5    18
55-59.5    33
50-54.5    26
45-49.5    12
40-44.5    14
30-39.5    9
20-29.5    6
<20    2
Total    126
==================================
ECON2123, Midterm, L2    
Range    Frequency
65-70    6
60-64.5    24
55-59.5    17
50-54.5    28
45-49.5    23
40-44.5    17
30-39.5    19
20-29.5    5
<20    2
Total    141

final  stat
==============================
ECON2123, Fall2016, L1&2, Final Exam Statistics
==============================
Total    100
Max    98
Min    8
Mean    56.03
Median    56.25
St Dev    18.75
==============================
Range    Frequency
>=90    3
80-89.5    23
70-79.5    55
60-69.5    40
50-59.5    49
40-49.5    41
30-39.5    37
20-29.5    17
<20    7
total    272
==============================

midterm ( i am in L1): 58.5/70
final : 67/100
PS 100%

Grade : B+just 4 PS
and you can find the solutions onlineMid term1(in class):
goods market, financial market, labor market
IS/LM
AS/AD
short, medium and long run
fiscal and monetary policies
Mid term2(in class):
The AS‐AD Model
The Crisis
The Facts of Growth
Saving, Capital Accumulation, and Output
Technological Progress and Growth
Openess in Goods and Financial Markets
The Good Market in an Open Economy

Final exams: accumulative

Textbook required for assignmentsNo attendance so no need to go to the class. He will go through the topics with a different sequence in the textbook. Basically, materials he taught were all on the power point slides. However, you still have to read the textbooks to ensure full understanding of the content. Last but no least, he has a local accent which he emphasizes a lot in his first lesson.The topics of macroeconomics are interesting and the course covers a few:
- goods market, financial market, employment market
- IS/LM
- AS/AD
-  short, medium and long run
- fiscal and monetary policies
- etc.
Textbook required
5 assignments (only 4 are graded)
1 midterm
1 final
No attendanceIn short: Don't need to go to class. the professor tries hard to be agreeable but in the end she ends up just regurgitating the textbook with no value added whatsoever. She can confuse some content and will walk you through 1+1=2 like you have never done any math before.... sigh. Reading the textbook and closely going over the announcements should get you through the course very well without attending any lectures.Content wise, the course is not too difficult. You'll go through the basics, in terms of GDP calculation, conversion from nominal to real terms, some basic concepts about the money market and the goods market, etc.

After the midterm, however, make it a point to attend as many lectures as you can, because the pace of the content increases rapidly.In my experience, this course was one of the worst I've taken at UST, and I would love the experience to see how other people teach it.

With regards to this professor, she races through the advanced content, and spends a lot of time on basic/irrelevant content. Not engaging whatsoever, she answers her own questions. I recall one lecture where she spent over 40 minutes talking about various currencies, and holding them up/passing it around for people to see.

Additionally, what is taught in the class is the most basic version of the concepts. The homework is advanced, while the exam, well, let's just say, there's not much you can do. I went for a paper checking session after the exam, only to find out that the grading scheme was completely different to what she taught in class.

Horrible experience to say the least.Quite many things to memorize.
1. What is Macroeconomics
2. The Financial market
3. The IS-LM model
4. The Labor Market
5. The AS-AD Model
6. The Crisis
7. The Facts of Growth
8. Saving, Capital Accumulation, and Output
9. Technological Progress and Growth
10. Openess in Goods and Financial Markets
11. Output, the Interest Rate and the Exchange RateHe teaches very slowly since he always asks people to think more and many people ask questions during his lectures.
You may not need to attend his lectures since he always talks about something not related to the class.A little bit difficult for the content after midterm.Quite fun. He will repeat the mainpoints several times as a reminder for us to do revision. Overall, his lessons is relaxing but sometimes his own sharing of his stories might be too long.Same as other professor.Some will say he teaches badly, but some say he is good. What I think is if you listen to him at the beginning of the semester, you will understand what he teaches, and get good grades. He always shows off his  qualifications and other stuff, you may sometimes find it entertaining and interesting.Part 1: Introduction
Part 2: The IS-LM Model
Part 3: The AD-AS Model
Part 4: The Growth Theory
Part 5: The Open EconomyWenwen is a nice Mainland Professor. Her spoken English is pretty good, at least understandable and much better than me, though she spoke slowly. Of course, you can use Mandarin to talk to her too.

The TA was a local. Although the tutorials were quite boring (only doing exercises), it is still great when you talk to him or ask him in Cantonese. However, the release of marks of the homework were very slow.easy
GDP stuff at the beginning
then short-run,medium-run and long-run and BOP

the most important part is the medium run but once you understand that is easyNever attended a lessonsome AL topics such as ISLM and ASAD with more maths. usually simple variable and no calculus involved. sometimes maths is used to explain conceptual things so no hard maths involved.Wang Peng Fei has goodest English and goodest pronunciation. Also he is interested in drawing graphs a lot. His teaching is quite interesting and fruitful in content. The TA speaks perfect English and explains things in detail. He is more exam-oriented.Macroeconomics.
It's separated in 4 parts:
1. Introduction (plus the basic concepts about GDP, e.t.c.)
2. IS-LM model
3. AS-AD model
4. Open economy (it takes away some assumptions made in previous parts)

Feeling-wise, they are all very difficult.  Some people are indeed able to tackle it, but it's not me so I can't say whether there's too much content or not.I remember sleeping every lesson for half a lesson so I really cannot tell if he's teaching it well or not.  (sarcasm intended)

Non-sarcastic remark: Not sure if it's me not understanding anything at all, or if my mind is too reliant on good logic being presented to me in class, I felt as if the whole course was as muddled as his English.  The one thing I enjoyed a lot about him is that he would talk about the history behind the theories or formulae we have now - I know it's not related to the course but it's interesting (...)

The TA, whose name I forgot, was pretty good -  at least I understood what he was saying.  He was also a lot more patient than Prof Wang in answering students' questions.Macro econ, quite different from DSE macro
GDP, ISLM, ASAD
short run and medium run economy
closed and open economy
some maths involved, no calculusFei gor English is terrible!
Even worse than FINA Ekkachai!
But Fei gor always provides some sample questions in class, drill that and midterm will be fine.
(BUT! not final exam! final exam is difficult!)Short-run
Medium-run
Long-run
Open economy

The content does not include mathematic calculations, and i think you need to understand the intuitions.I didn't attend the classes so I can't comment on it.
But others said that he sometimes teaches too fast.The Goods Market
The Financial Market
IS-LM
(Medium run) The labour Market
AD-AS Model
Crisis
Growth (Long Run)
Saving, Capital accumulation, and output
Openness in Goods and Financial Markets
Goods Market in an open economy
Output, the interest rate, and the exchange rate
Policy issues

I just quickly scan through the lecture notes. It's hard to understand by yourself if you didn't attend any lecture. Therefore I guess it's better for you to attend the lecture if you want a good grade.I didn't attend any lecture so I dont know. but d ppl ho chi wah kui shg tong blow water dor i really dont know lol.Basic Macroeconomics concept including Keynesian model, ISLM, ADAS, growth theory and the open economy. The concepts differ from HKDSE syllabus much, so even you have studied that, it may be hard.

It will be much harder when entering the growth and the open economy part.

Understanding graphs and equations are important, a large chunk of variables may be included and need to be vary careful.Her teaching is normal, really normal. You can understand what she is talking about if you really pay attention, it is, however, very boring. Nearly half of the students attending are doing their own work or sleeping.

She is very kind and patient to answer questions and requests. Some students want more exercises from her and she distributes questions to us later.Introduction to Macroeconomics
IS/LM
Short, Medium, Long Run
Government Policies
AS‐AD Model
The Crisis
The Facts of Growth
Saving, Capital Accumulation, and Output
Technological Progress and Growth
Export and ImportWing explains the materials with a smooth logic flow assisted with mathematical proofs and equations.

Sometimes he will talk about other interesting things ...Content was divided into 3 areas: Short Run, Medium Run and Long Run. Among each area were a few topics.Content talked about in class were basically stuff on the textbook and in the presentation slides that seemed to be provided by Pearson. She was alright in English but sometimes I misunderstood what she said.Same as the one who write before me.
quite useful if were to write a paper or to have a logical thinking in interpreting data.He prints out all the notes for us.
Explains every derivation quite thoroughly and clear, you may find it boring sometimes as there are a lot of math but that is the core of this course.This course is an advanced econometric course focusing on cross-sectional and panel data. The techniques introduced are extremely useful for building a robust regressional model for economic analysis.

Key topics covered:
1. LLN, CLT, Theory of Linear Regression
2. Correlation and Causality
3. Experiment and Quasi Experiment
4. Panel Data
5. Instrumental Variables
6. Maximum Likelihood Estimator
7. Limited Dependent VariablesProf. Lu explained all the concepts very clearly in class. He also helped us to print out all the notes so we could save lots of printing budgets. Attendance was not required but some derivations discussed in class (not in the notes) might be tested in the exams.The course will cover basic valuations approaches such as discounted cash flow valuation (DCF) and relative valuation by using multiples. It will require students to use spreadsheets to build up valuation models. The focus will be on evaluating the company value from an applied viewpoint. Real option, M&A, IPO and private equity, will also be discussed.Not good
Slides are often wrong
Assignments are wrong
Solutions are wrong
You don't know what she is actually asking in the question, and in the final examMainly talk about FCF, DCF, relative valuation, WACC, and Adjusted Present Value/Capital cash flow valuation. He also focused a lot on analyzing financial performance
I think the content could be more difficult. I expect there would be sth about real-option valuation, and more discussion on LBO and M&A, but Vidhan only talked about LBO and M&A very briefly.I like Vidhan's teaching. Should be easy to follow and understand.
He gives some practice questions on what he taught. Won't be too many, but should be enough for exams.
He will randomly pick someone to answer his questions. Pay attention in class and don't sleep.I think I learnt more in this course than any other prior finance courses, but maybe it was because I desperately needed to pull up my grades. The course teaches what its title says - you learn to devise valuation models from scratch, formulate assumptions, and maybe learn a few formatting tips from your teammates in the process. I've attached the course syllabus I copied from canvas.

The professor takes care to incorporate current news events into his lectures, so that we can apply concepts to real cases. The case studies selected are also from well-known companies, Lady M, Tesla, Apple etc. Sometimes his solutions are rather dependent on different assumptions, and therefore multiple answers may be acceptable as long as you can persuasively justify your logic.

The ppt wasn't super straightforward, but the two midterms definitely helped us learn to structure the content in more intuitive way. Tip: make sure you actually understand why and how each item in the balance sheet/income statement is calculated during readjustment. For the midterms, going over the cases is more helpful than lecture notes. But for the final, definitely pore over those lecture notes.Professor Goyal was an interesting instructor, and it was his first time teaching undergrad in 8 (10?) years. (He taught masters previously).

He took every opportunity to engage with students, however I had a feeling that we weren't quite as responsive as he had hoped. His explanations are clear, and the questions he asks really helps as a guideline for final review (if you're in the habit of taking notes in class). Of course, all lectures are videotaped, so you have the option to revise as many times as you wish (but I would recommend going to class, because video lectures piled up can become a daunting task during final period)

The prof also set up these "Happy hour" sessions, which were for him to meet with a group of 4-8 students after class in either Unibar or Unique. He said in the beginning that he would treat students who scored 100 in the midterm (the mean was 96 so...), but in the end he treated all who signed up.It's mainly about using DCF for valuations.
It starts with financial statements analysis and then spends the rest of the time on valuations by using different methods like DCF, APV and Relative valuation.
After the midterm exam, it mainly focuses on WACC and case study.The professor encourages discussions in class. He mainly uses case materials for lectures and there are a few PowerPoint slides only. Therefore, memorization is not useful here and the key is to applying the knowledge practically.
He will prepare videos for assignment or case answers. Also, he has prepared (maybe in the past) some videos to give you some extra information on certain topics. He is patient in teaching and will talk to you in details if you have some questions in mind or you have some confusions regarding different concepts.he didn't release the model answers of problem sets and case analysis
he just said it's acceptable as long as your answers are well justified.

he tests everything including questions in problem sets and case analysis

lectures are not well organised like he doesn't discuss everything like case anaylsis in class but they are tested in final exam

there is no participation mark but i don't know why the TA takes attendance every classTeaches the entire flow of performing a valuation for a company. Begins the course by looking at financial ratios and metrics, and how different industries have varying indicators (margins, profitability, etc).

Focus shifts to how companies create value, and what the fundamentals of value are for companies. Course then moves towards developing tools to create free cash flow forecasts, cost of capital calculations, and finally putting together the standard DCF forecast.

APV and Equity Cash Flow methods are also covered in class.Teaching style is relatively open; participation is encouraged and is key to making the class successful. Professor is open to office hours, and being challenged in class as well as receptive to new concepts.The content is very useful. Yet, there were a lot of errors in the lecture notes.She is a very helpful professor. She has good connections in the industry and is willing to give students references to internships. Yet, she is a bit of a drama queen at times. It is hard to focus in class as she jumps from here to there and talks about random stuff sometimes.Quantitative course

Before midterm:
Topic 1: Introduction
Topic 2: The Foreign Exchange Market
Topic 3: International Parity Relationships, Exchange Rate Determination and Forecasting
    (Special topic: Currency Investment Strategies)
After midterm:
Topic 4: Balance of Payments
Special topic: Currency Investment Strategies
    (Case study: the Mexico Peso Crisis)
Topic 5: Currency Derivatives
Topic 6: Managing Foreign Exchange Risks
    (Case study: Hedging currency risks at AIFS)
Topic 7: International Investment

Personally I think the content is somehow similar to 3204, so not a must to reg this course...He is a very passionate professor, well preparation.
He also provides lots of extra material, e.g. 8 optional exercises, in-class quiz for us to revise.
The homework provided is also practical for us in the future.
The powerpoint slides are very informative so you don't need to buy textbook at all.

But he sends email to us too frequently somehow i feel annoyed xdd.Covered different financial instruments in FOREX market(spot future option swap). Also there would be some valuation method on how should a currency be priced. Mostly simple calculation and interpretation of numbers.

Having understanding in how prices are quoted and bid-ask prices will accelerate your learning in the earlier part.Professor Li is an enthusiastic professor and he welcome student ask question. Just sometimes he can explain more details. Every lecture there will be a small quiz for the whole class and the quizes would be helpful for you to recall about the last lesson.Content is interesting and quite practical, professor makes references to many cases which are highly relevant to course material.Professor's english is good, and is very energetic in his teaching. Goes through material thoroughly and clearly, and is very friendly and eager to answer any questions.This course is mainly focusing on risks faced by commercial banks. Most of contents are calculations but all of them are simple. It does not require much mathematical background.

Ch1 Introduction
Ch2 Game Theory
Ch3 Maturity Transformation
Ch4 Relationship Banking, Credit Rationing, Screening, and Delegated Monitoring
Ch5 Bank Regulation
Ch6 Bank Competition
Ch7 Bank Networds
Ch8 Financial Crisis

Basically, most of the topics except Bank Regulation are related to calculations. Midterm tests up to chapter 4 credit rationing. The course contents involve many assumptions but you still can learn the mechanisms of the commercial banks such as the InterBank market, how bank set interest rate.Professor's teaching is great. The lecture notes are mostly problems with lots of space which you need to copy the answer in class. In other words, you are not recommended to skip any lecture. In midterm and final, all of the questions are similar to the problems in homework and in class. Make sure you have copied the correct answer so that you can understand the problem in exam.Started off with game theory and moved on to hypothetical scenarios regarding banks.
Examples in class are pretty easy to follow and you can definitely understand it if you follow the prof train of thought
Content may be a little too basic for a 4000+ courseThe prof goes super slow and explains everything step by step during class to make sure everyone follows.
Content for each lesson is quite little so he almost always release the class early.The course will start by the review of Game Theory and the optimization problem. These content will be applied in the latter topic in the course.

There are also other topics such as Maturity Transformation, Relationship banking, Credit rationing, Screening and Monitoring, Bank regulation, Bank competition, and Financial crisis. You will develop a sense of quantitative reasoning in coping with the banking problem in real life.Professor is nice and willing to take questions after class. He would address every question thoroughly. During class, his explanation of complicated concepts is clear and he would use some calculation examples to illustrate the ideas.Very competitive course.
This course covers simple and basic finance concepts that finance professional needs to know.
Ch1 The Investment Environment and Financial Markets
Ch2 Trading Securities
Ch3 Return and Risk
Ch4 Portfolio Mathematics and Capital Allocation
Ch5 Portfolio Analyses I
Ch6 Portfolio Analyses II
Ch7 Capital Asset Pricing Model
Ch8 Single Index Model
Ch9 APT and Multi-Factors Model
Ch10 Portfolio Performance Evaluation
Ch11 Efficient Market Hypothesis and Behavioral Finance
Ch12 Fixed-Income Securities
Ch13 Term Structure of Interest Rates
Ch14 Managing Fixed-Income Portfolios
Ch15 Future MarketsTeaching is okay and he talks so slow and always gives you some time to think. Sometimes, he may talk something out of syllabus.The content is relevant to the syllabus.
Some topics such as duration and Portfolio Risk and Return are quite useful in real life.The teacher is quite funny and he always makes jokes in the class. But he speaks with accent so it is difficult to understand exactly what he said sometimes.I got almost full mark in mid-term and homework, and unknown mark in final. My grade is only C+.There are four homework only, so the workload is very low. However, some questions are quite hard and you hardly can find the answer on the internet. The professor didn't take attendance.Lectures 1 - 4                      Introduction, Risk and Return tradeoff (BKMJ, pp 125-154)
                                               Securities Trading: Margin trading and short selling (BKMJ: pp 6-19, pp 33-56, pp 61-89)

Lectures 5 - 8                      Capital allocation to risky vs. risk-free investments;
                                               Diversification and optimal risky portfolios; Long-horizon investing
                                               (BKMJ, pp 169-190 & pp 205-228)
                                               Portfolio choice in MS Excel

Lectures 9 - 11                    CAPM: Theory and Practice (BKMJ, pp 290-310)                           

Lectures 12 - 14                  Factor models & No arbitrage pricing (BKMJ, pp 255-269, pp 329-345)
                                               Mutual funds

Lecture 15                            Mid-term (22 March)

Lectures 16                             Bloomberg training (24 March)

Lectures 17–18                    Performance evaluation (BKMJ pp 95-107, pp 845-858), Efficient markets (BKMJ pp 354-383)

Lectures 19                             Futures

Lecture 20 - 21                       Options

Lectures 22 - 23                     Fixed income

Lecture 24                               Final reviewi don't like his teaching
he gives just a few questions for each lecture
and around 20 questions for each midterm and final review
and he just speaks out the answer of  the questions or the explanation of the question without answers and  you will easily get lost1. Introduction
2. The Foreign Exchange Market
3. International Parity Relationships, Exchange Rate Determination and Forecasting
4. Balance of Payments
5. Currency Derivatives
6. Managing Foreign Exchange Risks
7. International InvestmentThere are in total 7 topics
1. Introduction
2. The Foreign Exchange Market
3. International Parity Relationships, Exchange Rate Determination and Forecasting
4. Balance of Payments
5. Currency Derivatives
6. Managing Foreign Exchange Risks
7. International Investment
Topics before mid-term are quite easy. Only involves currency conversion, parity relation, such as IRP, PPP, Fisher effect, balance of payment and how to use these relations to forecast future spot rate. For this semester, Prof. Li added a new special topic called currency investment strategies. I personally think this is the most difficult topic among other topics.
After mid-term, we then jumped to currency derivative instruments and used them to hedge different foreign exchange rate risks. These involve some simple calculation but I don't think it is that difficult compared with other FINA courses. There is another special topic after mid-term called speculation with currency derivative, just a simple short call/put option strategy to enhance company revenue.

Generally, I think this is a must-take course for FINA student, especially if you want to work in FX and rate desks. And it makes you aware of current international events.Prof. Li is an enthusiastic lecturer. He has a very clear logic flow to guide you through the course. He prepared a lot of materials for you to familiar with the course.
He is also very accessible after class via email, even though he always stays behind after class for questions.Content is more difficult than 3104 as the calculation is more advanced but it is manageable as long as you do not skip classes.I like the professor very much.  The professor is absolutely knowledgeable.  Apart from the powerpoint slides, he shared about his personal experience, his insights regarding the financial market, stories of different businesses.  You would not be bored by his teaching.  Minor problem is his accent.Further development of FINA3104. Knowledge in FINA3204 is also helpful to understand some concepts. Actually about half of the course content was covered in FINA2303 and FINA3104 so quite easy to study.Xuewen is a mainland professor who is very knowledgeable about financial markets so his teaching is less academic but more practical. He like to discussed with students during break. TA has follow Xuewen for quite a long time so he knew quite a lot about the course and examination. Talking to him would be helpful for studying the course. Sometimes notes may be difficult but then it is for knowledge only, many are not included in exam so better pay attention when professors/TA talk about exam. Tutorials are optional but recommend to attend, a good change to get along with TAQuantitative course

Foundation of valuation
Firm's investment decision
Financing decision (without friction)
Investment and financing decision with market frictions
     (e.g. tax, agency problems, asymmetry information etc)
Mergers and acquisitionsHis english accents...
But he is very knowledgable and very enthusiastic...
Always ask students whether they understand or not during the break
If you can accept his accent and understand what he says, "REG HIM"Lots of content to remember, but its quite useful for learning about the nowadays compliance in financial sector.He accent is good, but quite hard to pay full attention as content can be quite clumsy and boring.not too bad.
2 midterms
9 assignment
1 final

basically u need to get full mark for assignments, they are mostly exercise from the textbook.
first midterm above mean 0.5 sd and second midterm below mean 0.5 sd.
Final above mean.
got B- at last.His grading scheme does not require classes attendance. However, there is assignment almost every single week, and it can be quite difficult sometimes, plus it is a two man group assignment. So I would say it is quite demanding but still within acceptable range. Just get prepared for homework every week then you will be fine.
:)Simple facts about financial markets and simple calculations on interest&rates. Most of the time is just facts about structures of financial systems.Not a fan of her teaching style. Everything can be learnt through powerpoint.Exams are based on canvas quizes, powerpoint and IPRS. Exams are easy if you studied the mentioned materials. Grading is quite lenient.A super easy group project: one big group submits one or two article and video about a given topic. Just google them, wont cost you half an hour.

IPRS for attendance. Should be easy to obtain if you attend all lectures.Covers most general topics you will see in finance, including financial system, time value of money, bond, stock, derivatives, foreign exchange market, money market, fund management.I skipped most classes, however the lecture notes leave many blanks that have to fill in during class. So if you are not familiar with that topic, you are strongly advised to attend the class/ ask someone to drop notes for you, otherwise you'll be in BIG trouble.

He puts all slides (including group assignment & mock exam) at the beginning of the semester, so you can evaluate the difficulties of the course and decide whether to drop this course or not.Content was rich, very useful and practical for people who are interested in the finance industry.

Introduces concepts of buy side and sell side institutions as well as financial regulations which imo is very practical. Apart from that, the course has a little math (but no worries you can use your financial calculator)Professor Veronique is a professor who is very knowledgeable towards the financial sector given her experience. She regularly brings in practical examples from the finance industry and sometimes if you are lucky, she will invite a guest speaker over.The content was extremely fun and interesting even for a student who had very little knowledge about finance. However, I felt that the content was too big and broad that I couldn't keep up.The professor was really good at teaching with very elaborate explanations. However, there were multiple occasions where she was too fast and skipped points that I didn't understand.A LOT.

She taught us what finance is all about (basically a summary of FINA 2303 to FINA 3403) just not as deep.

The PPTs have around 150+ slides with full content to memorize AND foot notes on the bottom which usually contained 3-4 paragraphs.

I learned a lot about finance through this course though.Quite good, she inserts her experiences working in financial and banking institutions while teaching us the content and makes it easier for us to understand/remember what she was saying. However, half the time she just read what's written on the slides or paraphrase it and read it slowly.
Therefore, I sometimes skipped class and resorted to just watch the lecture videos instead. However, there are IPRS attendance so you may want to ask your friend to share the code with you. But she allows 3 class absents.
TA is super helpful and fast in email replies. Don't need to go to the tutorials.Introduction; overview of financial markets
Interest Rates basics
Fundamentals of pricing
Financial intermediation; types of FIs (Part I)
Financial intermediation; types of FIs (Part II)
The sell-side: commercial banks(Part I)
The sell-side: commercial banks(Part II)
The sell-side: investment bankingThe buy-side:institutional investors and other FIs (Part I)
The buy-side: institutional investors and other FIs (Part II)
The buy-side: alternativesFinancial & Banking regulation; Basel I, II and III
Central banking & monetary policy

Professor does not follow the book and only teach with notes. It's better to attend the classes, plus in class PRS count towards your gradeShe let us vote if we want to the hardest topic after midterm.
Passionate teacher.
But it may be hard to follow for those never studied any business course.A very board range of information about the financial market is included in the course. Student need to memorize a lot of concepts and terms to understand the whole thing. Moreover, there are certain caculations needed. If you have no finance background (especially if you are bad at MATHS) it is extremely painful to struggle through the semester.She is sweet but she has a very weak voice. Along with the atmosphere in Lecture hall, it is a perfect lesson to sleep...She has quite a special accent from France but I think its ok. However she taught real fast!! If you are not focus, even for a second to look at your phone, you are doomed.......Finance General Topics:
Financial system in Hong Kong, China and US(heavy)
Very Basic time value of money(comparing to FINA2303)
Bond (more in-depth than 2303)
Money Market, Mutual Fund, PE, VC and Hedge Fund.Pptx and Teaching notes under each slide are important. Self-read is enough already, but IPRS counts attendance.I would say the level of difficulty is higher than a 1000-level common core course as it teaches a wide range of financial knowledge such as commercial banking, investment banking,  traditional and alternative investment funds etc. I think some of them are even of fina 3000-level course contentveronique is really a great prof who is passionate in teaching. she is rich in financial knowledge and may mention some extra information in class. video will be uploaded on canvas so dont be panic if you can not catch up in classIntroduction; overview of financial markets
Interest Rates basics
Fundamentals of pricing
Financial intermediation; types of FIs (Part I)
Financial intermediation; types of FIs (Part II)
The sell-side: commercial banks (Part I)
The sell-side: commercial banks (Part II)
The sell-side: investment banking
The buy-side: institutional investors and other FIs (Part I)
The buy-side: institutional investors and other FIs (Part II)
The buy-side: alternatives
Financial & Banking regulation; Basel I, II and III
Central banking & monetary policyQuite good. The lesson will be record and can review it on canvas.Ranging from discounted cash flow to banking and insurance business as well as funds like hedge fund, annuity fund... etc. For non-business students it should suffice if you just want a glimpse on the finance world and the market. The coverage is broad while each of the topic is not extremely deep into it. Some may find it good while the others do not.Not much to say as it is really average. I would rather say i have learnt more by looking at the slides by myself and googling than
by attending lectures.
The last few rows of the seats in the lecture theatre will be blocked so as to force you to sit more in the front. And she will sometimes walk around to ask question to students sitting in different position in the theatre :)The syllabus is broad which covers all sides of the financial market (with 1X sets of ppts). However, if you have no prior knowledge on finance, it will be difficult to catch up.The professor is nice but her pace is a bit too fast. She surveyed the class after midterm exam for our opinions on her teaching and syllabus.Introduce the whole financial market from both buy side and sell side. Broad but not very useful for those who want to engage in a career in finance. And not very deep, just need to memorize everything( too much).One of the best lecturers I have met. She is full of practical experience.The course was really interesting and to someone who haven't studied econ or finance before, it was really eye-opening. The professor gave a really interesting look into the world of finance. However, I believe there might be too much content given in each lecture, because you might forget let's say a jargon and an abbreviation or two in the lecture, and you can't catch up unless you watch the lecture video recorded a few days later.The professor was really enthusiastic in her teaching. Mid way in the course, she surveyed the class so that she can know what to improve.Absolutely great! Covers about all sides of financial markets deeply. The lecturer also included "current issues" or "current situation" which is very useful for students. I definitely recommend this for those who have never touched finance as an introduction to finance itself!One of the best teacher I've ever experienced. She taught clearly and made sure most of her students understand the subject. In addition, she answers any question asked related to finance, so students don't have to worry about not understanding the material.Easy to follow as the chapters are organised
Basics about different financial markets including stocks, bonds, derivatives, commodities, currency, money market and mutual funds
Some calculations involved e.g. coupon paymentsNo textbook, only lecture slides
His english can be funny at times and he has deep knowledge in the subject himself
can be a bit boring if you don't like financeAlthough it states that this course is only an introduction, dont take it  if you have no business/finance background...
.....there are many things to study and you will need pretty much time just to get the conepts.....the prof. is very nice, she initiates discussions in class.
attendance taken by iPRSFull of introduction of different financial markets, very fun to learn but there's really a lot to remember and some calculation is pretty hardSometimes boring, but as long as you are interested in Finance, it is still a very good course, you have to pay attention though, he loves asking question.I think it is pretty good in fact because actually i did not study a lot but i still manage to get a rangeNot much, but there is still 2 project. OLD saying, find some group mate that can carry you will make your life easier.Course is well designed with a broad scope. The course contains topics on the derivative market which is very useful. There are many slides but you can get through them pretty quick.The professor goes at a pretty fast pace. You really need to pay attention otherwise you will get lost.The main topics are different financial markets including bond, stock, derivative, etc. No very difficult concept but you need to memorize a number of formulae for calculation and the amount of information is quite large.The instructor was passionate and capable to explain the ideas clearly. He always welcomed any question raised. He had a bit accent but his English was fluent overall.There are a total nine chapters and  each chapter contains around 90 PowerPoint slides.Actually if you are not very interested in finance, you may find that the contents are quite boring.I think Professor Lai is quite passionate in teaching. He is avery nice person and willing to answer questions from students .All about financial market. It covers basic finance concepts and most finance products.
For instance, bond, equity, derivative, fund, etc.Fair. All teaching materials will be available on canvas. They are long but easy to understand.Good grade. 20%+ A range.
2 projects (12+15%) and final (70%) with 3% of participation. No mid term.
You will definitely receive the 3% if you attend the lecture and answer the question (just one lol).
I got 1.x sd above mean in project 1, and full mark in project 2. In final, I scored about 1.6 sd above mean. At last, I got A+.The group projects would be challenge, if you don't have prior experience. It would take 2-3 days to finish.
Be ready to study for long for final if you were not familiar with financial market before.The materials are basic financial concepts, not difficult to understand but it covers a lot of chapters. Have to recite many facts and some formulas.Lectures are conventional, professor taught according to the powerpoint slides. There is no any class discussion at all.Grading is quite good. I think if you score 1.5 sd above the mean, u can get A- . But if you dont have any finance background, it might put you into a disadvantage position, since the class also allows business students to enrollThe workload is fair. There are group projects, one mid-term and one final. No class participation is requiredSome basic information of the financial market and the financial systems are introduced. It is not difficult for a student without any relevant background.The professor will randomly pick a student from the list and ask some questions in the lessons and 5% will be counted to the final grade. He will also upload some supplementary notes in addition of the powerpoint after every lessons. Sometimes we also need to jot our own notes. The notes are easy to understand and easy to follow and the professor is willing to answer our questions.General info about financial market. Not really difficult stuff.Professor calls students to answer question every class for taking attendence. His ppt slides are uninformative... some slides only have a picture on it, so students have to jot notes on their own. (which i find that quite difficult since we had to prepare for his questions, seraching for answers and jotting down notes at the same time)Covered loads of material but only 30-40% will be asked in midterms, quizzes and final exam. Impossible to memorize all materials so its more about understanding. Only 3 topics out of 11 involve financial calculations but can be quite tricky.Delivery is alright but since the syllabus covers loads of topics, it can be difficult to catch up and there might be too much information to process. Really need to spend time if you want to do well.The content is quite easy but too long for each lecture notes. There are many figures and photos in each lecture notes which you can skip during revision. Ch1 to Ch4, and Ch10 is overlapped with FINA2303, Ch5 to Ch7 is overlapped with FINA4103, Ch11 is overlapped with FINA4503. If you have studied other FINA courses, you will probably know most of the content.

Ch1 Overview of Financial Markets
Ch2 Interest Rates I
Ch3 Interest Rates II
Ch4 Interest Rates III
Ch5 Financial Intermediation
Ch6 Commercial Banks
Ch7 Investment Banks
Ch8 Traditional Investors
Ch9 Alternative Investors
Ch10 Pricing of Financial Assets
Ch11 Financial Regulation and Monetary PolicyThe professor is teaching greatly. She would like to tell you all the things about finance industry, not only introduction. However, there are too much information to most of the students. There are also some discussions in class. She would ask some students to answer her questions. PRS exercise are conducted in every class. There are at least two questions each time. Those questions are already in lecture notes.For those who haven't touched finance before, it is really eye-opening and helps you build up foundation, however it is hard and difficult at the same time because there are tons of abbreviation and new concepts.
For topics I could just remember some: commercial banks, investment banks, calculation about discounted cash flow, insurance, mutual fund etc.I must say she has a lot of practical experience in the industry. This makes her great in explaining the current situation of each financial product.  However, her teaching pace is way too fast that almost all of my friends and I could't catch up, especially the calculation part. Therefore we 've self-studied the calculations for the whole semester.  Also, her lessons are actually quite boring if you don't have any finance background because you can't even say a word in in-class discussions.the basic theory of valuation. the whole class is talking about how to evaluate the fair price. the main idea is about no-arbitrage.the instructor highlights the logic, he used many interesting stories to let us understand why this is true and how the theory comes.absolute grading, the instructor says he gives A range for an overall grade above 80. I guess over half students get A range.not much. this course takes attendance. as long as you take the class and take notes, there's nothing difficult.Advanced Coporate Finance

DCF, WACC, Capital Structure, IPO, LBO, Seasonal Public Offering, etc.

There were also case studies, e.g. Boeing, Prada

Presentation: Corporate Finance action of a co.Average, bcause professor could give out a lot of techincal terms and financial theories. If you are a Yr3/Yr4 students, it might be pretty easy for you to follow, espescially you have FINA 3103 knowledge. Since I was just Yr2 at that time and it is the first time I had my advanced finance class, I found it hard to follow.Useful study materials with many real-life examples
group case studies are practical and challenginga bit boring
no interactions in the class
too many slides (some are >150 pages for a topic) and too many sentences on the slides45% 3 group case study (15% each)
55% final exam

everyone got similar marks on group assignments so it's the final exam which decides your final grade
Poor performance on the final exam will lead you to C rangeit's really time-consuming when doing the group assignment.
But overall is fine because there is 1 final exam only.useful, with case study, like airbus, midterm + final + project. the project is given some topics, you can find a LATEST case to analysis.  the report and presentation is compulsory, deadline is around last week in the semester.
take attendance for two times randomly during the semester, but can make up by active participant in classis a new teacher, lack of teaching experience but willing to answer our questionsContents are very useful. LBO, M&A, wacc, free cash flow,case studies and so on.
Valuation part is very detailed..
Also the IPO lecture is quite helpful as well.He is a very nice instructor but not very approachable.
I like his teaching style...
Always give me implications..Corporate Valuation.
M&A, debt, IPO..
- Capital Budgeting CAPM
- Equity Valuation: DCF, Relative Valuation
- Capital Structure: Basics Caesars Capital,WACC
- Debt Valuation
- Public Debt Capital: Bond Markets, Banks, Trade Credit, Cash
- Public Equity Capital: IPOs , SEOs and Rights Offers, VCs, PEsThe speaking speed is fast. Need to pay more attention to follow the teaching flow.

Hard copy will only be provided in the lesson.
Some of the teaching material may not be uploaded to canvas. So, please attend classes.

Professor will first review some basic valuation tools. Exercises will be give for revision. After that, he will mainly focus on daily cases to explain the concept and the valuation tools will be used to analyse as well.Before Midterm
1. Introduction to Derivatives
2. Forwards & Futures
3. Options Basics
4. Options Trading Strategies

After Midterm
5. Binomial Tree Model
6. Black-Scholes-Merton Model
7. Option Greeks
8. Swaps
9. Other Derivatives

Not tested
10. Exotic OptionA good (and young?) professor for this course since he himself is a trader. Andrew has an Engineering degree but switched to the Finance field in his further studies.

He can speak English very fluently and can communicate well with both local and non-local students. He always tried his best to explain the concepts to students using examples (with the aid of his tablet and excel).

The pace of teaching was also fine. Andrew did not only spend time quickly going through the slides. In many of his lectures, he told us real-life trading things (not tested) so if you are interested in trading you will be very happy to listen. He also told jokes frequently to make the lectures less intense.

You can ask Andrew questions anonymously on the website he provided and he will reply them in Canvas announcements. He was also very nice that he gave us hints before the two exams

Lecture videos were uploaded to Canvas, but the people who recorded them sometimes did not catch up the screens timely.

In my opinion, for those who have no idea what derivatives are before taking this course (like me), what calls and puts are, it will be a bit hard for you to catch up.open book exams

assignment 5x6%=30%
midterm 30%
final 40%

easy to get full marks for the assignmentexcellent teaching

he speaks english very fluently without any accent

teaching is not his main career, his main career is a trader, but he still teaches very well and he shares a lot of practical work experience

he always answers questions of students on canvas anytimeThis course is quite quantitative but  easy. You do not need to worry too much before enrolling into this course.

Ch1 Introduction to Derivatives
Ch2 Mechanics of Future Markets
Ch3 Hedging Strategies
Ch4 Interest Rate
Ch5 Forward Futures Price
Ch6 Swaps
Ch7 Option Price Properties
Ch8 Option Strategies
Ch9 Binomial Option Pricing
Ch10 Black-Scholes Model
Ch11 Applications of Black-Scholes Formula
Ch12 Greek Letters Risks

Midterm tests up to topic 5, and it is non-cumulative. Most of the content are related to calculations but you also need to understand the concepts as professor tests more on understanding in exams.Professor's teaching is normal and sometimes too slow at the beginning of the course. It makes topic 12 not covered in final exam as there is not enough time to talk about this topic. I only attend the first lesson and watch the lecture videos for all the remaining lessons.very interesting stuff are taught in the class which are stated clearly in the syllabus.
Balance of theoretical & real life knowledge are quite well-mixed.
Some may, however, say this is the most difficult UG fina elective.
No presentation/ attendance, 100% useful and interesting material, no bs.
Exams are really a little more challenging than other fina courseswonderful, in-depth teaching. Very clear explanation with lecture Videos provided. Humorous.

Welcome to any kind of question, patient, and never late to dismiss the class.

if you focus on what is taught in the lecture, you can easily do okay in the examsThis Course is designed exceptionally well for students to have a taste of what Derivative Securities is. During the semester, we will learn various kinds of derivative products such as, option, future, forward, butterfly, strip strap, and many more.Andrew is one of the instructors in HKUST who is really understand what materials he is teaching. Why? Because he is an active option trader! He will tell the students things that are actually used in real life trading. TWO THUMBS UP!Topics include:
-Risk and Return
-Porfolio mathematics and capital allocation
-Markowitz selection
-CAPM
-Index Model
-Arbitrage Pricing Theory
-Multi-factor models
-Porfolio performance evaluation
-Efficient Market Hypothesis and behavioral finance
-Bonds (and its management)
-Term structure
-Futures and Options

Basically FINA3104 is an overview of all important concepts appearing in finance, from the perspeective of investment. If you only took FINA2303 before (my case), most likely over half of the content in this course would be new to you. So it is not recommended to skip lessons, as each topic only spends ~1.5 weeks to go through.

By the end of the course, you should be very familiar with the relation between risk & return, because you will have drawn countless times the mean return-risk diagram. Although the course covers a wide range of knowledge, you must not fail in the following important topics: Capital allocation, Markowitz, CAPM, and APT. These topics require your full understand before taking the exams.Darwin is an excellent presenter. He gave his lecture in a professional way. To me, his english speaking skills is the best among the professors I met. Darwin is also very nice and willing to answer your concerns.Content is relatively easy to follow and understand.
Main topics includes:
1. The Basics: Asset classes and financial markets
2. Money Allocation: Allocate across assets/securities
3. Asset Pricing: Determine the fair price
4. Market Efficiency & Portfolio Evaluation
5. Other securities: Bonds and derivativesHis English is easy to understand. Course content and notes are well-designed with a clear flow. Easy to approach and he is very willing to help students with any question.The content was interesting and relevant to the course. An introduction to the financial markets is given, different analytical techniques are thought as well as evaluation methods.The professor was engaging and definitely kept me interested. The tutorials were less helpful but all the same a good revision of the class content.As followings.

Part I: Planning & Budgeting
- Personal Finance Basics
- Time Value of Money
- Budgeting and Planning

Part II: Credit Management
- Consumer Credit
- Home Loans

Part III: Investing
- Investment Fundamentals
- Risk and Return Trade-off
- Investing in ETFs and Mutual Funds
- Retirement Planning and MPF
- Investing in Stocks
- Investing in Bonds

Part IV: Tax and Protection
- Tax Management
- Life Insurance

Quite useful for MPF, as it is an important issue after you graduate.Feels like a secondary school teacher...
Talks a lot but her voice cannot make you so focus. I fall asleep for sometimes.
Anyway, she will quite talk so much details for the powerpoints, which is a good thing if you attend lectures, you can learn a lot (while it might appear in the exams as well) from that.It includes time value of money, budgeting, consumer credits, home loans, stock market...

Good Maths skills prefered since some calculation requires advanced level of maths, i.e. Geometric Sequence. But it's not too hard. Practice is really importantProf Pi is really nice. Good atmosphere. People there are very active. They raise hands answering question for bonus cards. TA (Mr. Victor Yip) is really nice. He will answer your question concerning the course, exams patiently.This is an introductory course for anyone interested in Finance to take. The content includes time value of money, bonds, stocks, loans, funds, and tax. The topics are broad yet quite easy to follow and understand.Professor and her TA are very friendly. They will answer your questions in detail. The teaching is also quite good that the ppt slides are clear and good for revision.Part I Planning and Budgeting
1 Personal finance basics
2 Time value of money
3 Budgeting and planning
Part II Credit Management
4 Consumer credit
5 Home loans Part III Investing
6 Risk and return trade-off
7 Investment fundamentals
8 Investing in ETFs and Mutual Funds
9 Retirement planning and MPF
10 Investing in stocks
11 Investing in bonds

Part IV Tax and Protection
12 Tax management
13 Health and life insurance

This course provides a broad perspective on personal finance.  It highlights the importance of setting goals, and making good use of financial resources to meet financial obligations in the course of one’s lifetime.Personally I think this course is very useful for all student, especially SBM students who wish to declare major in FINA, as around 30% to 40% of the FINA 2303 materials will be covered in this course. Actually for the calculation and concept part of Time value of money and bond, PL Lynn teaches quite well and clear compared to FINA 2303.

Pl Lynn is a good prof. She teaches very clear and nice. I really enjoy coming to her lesson.Extremely useful course. It discuss about the time value of money, investment basics, types of investment tools, and concepts for manage your personal finance.
This is a course which should be made compulsory rather than that useless HUMA1000. It may not only help your grades, but also your life in future.Professor is nice, willing to answer questions, and explain the concepts clearly. She encourages us to read the textbook as a reference.The content is quite useful for students who are not from business school, but it's really elementary, you probably can learn all these stuffs from materials online. And it's hard to figure out what's going to be on exam, you have to remember a lot of details from the book.The teaching is quite boring and tedious actually, it's hard to focus on what instructor says. But it still takes attendance, I got late a lot lol.As a science student, I did not have much knowledge about finance. This course made me start consider many aspects of finance in my life. I think the best thing this course has done for me is that it motivated me to keep a book for my spending, which I still keep up to date today. Now that I am an adult, I must keep in consideration many financial precautions and awareness. This course has introduced me to some of those aspects.
The lecture ranges from managing my personal finances, how bank savings accrue over the years, investing in stock, mortgages, etc.Professor was very enthusiastic to teach the course. Her voice was not drony but light, and she was friendly, even when I met her outside of the class. This was a 9 AM class at the time, but despite that she taught at an interesting way that I managed not to fall asleep in her classes. She was aware that non-business students are also taking this course, so she put terms in easy way and explained thoroughly the concepts.A simple course with simple content, e.g.

Part 1: Planning and budgeting

Part 2: Credit management

Part 3: Investing

Part 4: Tax and protection

If you completely know nothing about finance and would like to gain at least some basic understanding, this course is good for you. However, real life personal finance is much more complicated than what the course introduced to you.She is kind and helpful if you have questions. Bonus questions may be given during lesson.Part I: Planning & Budgeting
- Personal Finance Basics
- Time Value of Money
- Budgeting and Planning

Part II: Credit Management
- Consumer Credit
- Home Loans

Part III: Investing
- Investment Fundamentals
- Risk and Return Trade-off
- Investing in ETFs and Mutual Funds
- Retirement Planning and MPF
- Investing in Stocks
- Investing in Bonds

Part IV: Tax and Protection
- Tax Management
- Life InsuranceShe's like a secondary school teacher, spoon-feeding all materials. Slides are very useful though (you don't need to read textbook, just read all the slides will do).

Monotonic voice.the class content is not very difficult, acceptable level. Since it is about personal finance, it is like an entry level of finance courses. It talks about mortgage and investment like MPF. These subjects can be very useful for daily life use though.The prof is not very good at teaching, but she is very nice. If you have questions to ask her, she will answer you.Clear and well-organised content. There are few topics for the course only. The topics are highly related to our daily life (e.g. Time value of money/MPF). Thus, it's easy to manage the content of this course.Prof. provides review session before midterm and final exam. Those review sessions are important for clarifying the focus of the upcoming exam. In this course, prof. encourages idea sharing and contribution. Discussion and group work would be one of the main parts of the course.Personal finance is related to how should you invest your money, how should you plan your future retirement plan and avoid the potential risks. All knowledges are related to build up a good financial plan for you, for example interest rate,life cycleProfessor is very interactive, she is willing to answer questions from students. However sometimes her teaching materials and examples during the lessons have some little mistakesThis course mainly covers the basic knowledge in business, for example, time value of money and credit card. Those who had BAFS as their elective in high school usually have no difficulty in managing the course materials.The mode of teaching is quite different from other courses. Students in a lecture will be divided into a number of group with 5 to 6 people. During the lecture, students are required to finish some TAPPS questions, which are closely related to the exam, after a few minutes of discussion. Professor Pi also offers bonus card to encourage students to be more active in class. It is a good way to motivate students to learn and create a relaxing learning atmosphere, rather than just cramping knowledge into the brain.The content was good, quite useful, and broaden your basic understanding about finance (investment and money management).The powerpoint slides were not very clear, sometimes the sentences were a bit ambiguous, but overall the lectures were fine. Sometimes the materials were a bit hard to understand and might require some readings from the internet. The professor also encouraged the students to be active in the lectures. She offered bonus points in every lectures and each students should better get at least one or two bonus points through out the semester.Part I: Planning & Budgeting
- Personal Finance Basics
- Time Value of Money
- Planning and Budgeting

Part II: Credit Management
- Consumer Credit
- Buying a Home

Part III: Investing
- Investment Fundamentals
- Mutual Funds and ETFs
- Retirement Planning and MPF Funds
- Investing in Stocks
- Investing in Bonds

Part IV: Tax and Protection
- Tax Management
- Life InsuranceIt's quite interesting and useful in daily life. Students can do self study easily even if they skip the lessons.The professor is really friendly but sometimes it is a little boring for us to concentrate in the whole lesson. She will give you a bonus card if you answer her question.If you do the textbook exercise (around 15 questions per chapter), you may get at least above mean result in the midterm and final.There are 3 assignment through the whole course, 2 is self-assignment and the other is group project. The self assignments are not difficult, I just use less than 2 hours to finish but get a good result finally.It talks about basic concepts on personal financing and intoduces different types of investing.
It consists of serveral parts:
Part I: Planning & Budgeting
Part II: Credit Management
Part III: Investing
Part IV: Tax and Protection
The content is easy for you to understandProf Pi is a nice lecturer as she is willing to listen to students and response to us. The lesson is quite interactive as students are willing to answer questions for the bonus cards.Content is fairly good. You will study some concepts regarding daily financial knowledge, such as equity, bond, time value of money etc. Class strcitly follows lecture slides and Lynn will upload the slides before each classLynn tries her best to interact with students. She distributes bonus cards for those students who are consistently participating during the lesson. Moreover, you will be formed in as a group for TAPPS exercises. Therefore the class is pretty fun.4 PARTS:
(1)Planning & Budgeting
(2) Credit Management
(3) Investing
(4)Tax

Content is not difficult for you to understand, textbook helps little bit, but generally not very useful.Although there are some in-class discussion and interaction during every class, her teaching is quite boring, especially in the first few topics.
You are required to answer her questions to get participation cards, but actually it's quite difficult to catch her attention as everyone would raise their hand.
But both professor and ta are very nice, they are very willing to answer your questions.The content is interesting and useful even if you are not a business student. (interest calculations, home loans, accumulating wealth, stock market, bond, MPF, etc)The professor really engages the class into discussion and makes the concepts easy to understand and the class interesting. The group discussions also reinforced the concepts that we just learned. I really enjoyed her class.This course talks about personally wealth planning, time value of money and a bit of calculation at the first half of the course. In the second half of the course is about different types of instrument that can help you manage your finance, the concepts covered were quite fundamental, not really teaching you how to gain money using investment tools.Prof. always tries to engage more student during lectures. However, maybe its because of the depth of the knowledge covered, youContents are easy and interesting, and are particularly useful to business students, as it provides an overview of the fundamental concepts of finance and an introduction to the financial world. (eg Stock market, bond, MPF)There are lots of interactions in the class. Prof will frequently ask students questions, and there are lots of opportunities for students to have discussion among their group mates. Yet, as the exams consist lots of calculus, prof should spend more time on the financial calculus instead of teaching students the basic concepts.Fairly good introductory course for personal finance, although some might find the content too easy. Teaches you things like the need to save, types of investments, how to calculate interest rates etc. Very practical knowledge that can be applied to daily life.PI, Lynn is a very nice and friendly person. She's also knowledgeable and eager to teach.It is not difficult. If you do revision and answer the professor's questions to get some cards, your grade would not be so bad.She is very nice and she would try her best to answer students' questions.Good. But many students got high marks in midterm and final. The mean is quite high. It's better for you to attend all the lessons because there are some group works during the lessons, and make sure you write your name and SID on the paper.A group project is required. But relax as it is not difficult.Useful materials; introduce various types of financial device

If you are interested in investment but yet have no idea about investment tools in financial market, this course is perfect to you.Very nice professor
Answer students' questions in full detailsAbout options & futures, an extension from the last session of 3104.
If you take Andrew's class, he will also include topics out of the textbook, like warrants, CBBCS, etc.Lecture notes are clear but simple, you need to drop notes for every lecture, he'll explain everything clearly in class.
Sometimes he teaches q. fast, just raise ur hand and stop him, or you can ask him via mail or his website.Andrew is a trader himself, so the course content is very practical and highly related to the market. Mainly covers future, forward, option, swap, also binomial model and Black Scholes, really useful for working in S&T, AM, or HF.Andrew is the best! He can deliver the very complicated "Bible" in a clear and straight forward manner. He thinks in a trader way, which could help a lot when you study a derivative and analyze the P&L.These course mainly teaches the main derivative securities including forward, futures, swap and options.
A quantitative course that finance students must take! (basic knowledge of derivative securities)
It also includes some pricing model(e.g. binomial Option pricing, Black Scholes and Greek Letters) and hedging strategy.Sophie is a very nice professor that I personally think she teaches very well and It is worthwhile to attend the lesson. She can answer students' questions very concise and effectively.

She will distribute the full version of printed notes so you don't need to print yourself. Also, the notes are not complete. You need to attend the lessons to jot down the notes although no attendance is needed.An introductory corporate finance course. Introduces us through the fundamental concepts of valuation principle, time value of money, investment decision rules, financial statement analysis, capital budgeting, bonds and stocks valuation, and risk/return analysis.

The course content is quite conceptually demanding at first and may make u muddle-headed for quite a bit of time, but after a while u may grasp the concepts better. You may wish to be noted that this course is quantitative and involves quite a lot of formulas. Those who are good at maths can grasp the content more easily.

Introduction to Corporate Finance
Valuation Principle
Time Value of Money
Valuation of Cash Flow Streams
Interest Rates
Investment Decision Rules
Financial Statement Analysis
Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting
Bonds
Stock Valuation
Risk and Return
Systematic Risk and Equity Risk Premium
Cost of Capital

Accounting knowledge needed
Statistics knowledge needed

Unlike the SBM version of this course (FINA2303), ACCT2010 and ISOM2500 are not explicitly written as prerequisites of this course. However, don't be fooled by such description. This course is actually equivalent to FINA2303 in terms of content and the set of exam papers used, and basic accounting and statistics backgrounds are still crucial to the understanding of the course content. DON'T take this course if you don't haven't learnt these previously, or you'll definitely suffer.Required Textbook
Corporate Finance: Core Principles and Applications (Asia Global Edition)

Final Exam Coverage
Prior midterm (30%):
Chapters 1, 2, 4, 7 and 8
Skip sections: 4.5, 7.3, 7.4, 8.3, 8.4 and 8.5
After midterm (70%):
Chapters 11, 12, 14, 15 and Corporate Governance
Skip sections: 11.6, 12.6, 12.7
Bonus (5%):
Chapter 16 (payout policy)Starting with time value of money,
investment decision rule,
bonds valuation...
the same as the textbookIt was not required to buy the textbook. But Prof. Pi followed the arrangement of textbook. So no need to waste time to copy what she had gone through during lectures. It was relaxing. But students pinned high hopes on getting bonus cards so they made the class feel nervous. Don't be afraid of making wrong answers. Just try your best and answer it to get bonus cardsThe course covers these topics :
- Valuing cash flows
- Interest Rate
- Financial Market
- Capital Budgeting
- Bond Valuation
- Stock
- Risk and ReturnThe professor is really nice and funny. He explain the material well and his English is understandable. However, some people might find him boring as he quite often repeat the materials.content is quite good and informative. have to jot down some notes as the lecture notes usually have some free spaces.He is a quite good teacher. Very Clear and understandable.the grading is pretty good in my opinion. Do your best in the final as it what mostly determines your score.no mid term. just final with bunch of chapters to understand. The prof will call the student name to answer his question for a 5% participation score. there are 2 group projects to handle, will not be difficult as long as you get the right group member.This course is designed for non-SBM students to learn about the basic concepts in Coporate Finance. It includes the most basic things like Time Value of Money, Balance Sheet, Income Statement. Later it talks about the knowledge of finance market like bonds, stocks. In general, the content is plentiful and useful in life, to help you better aware of what's happening in the real finance market around the world.Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager(exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction , and Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude 8.6 and MIRR)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5)
Midterm exam (chapters  1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8)
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting (exclude 9.5, 9.6, and MACRS)
Chapter 6: Bonds (exclude 6.5)
Chapter 7: Stock Valuation
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look (exclude 10.4 and 10.5)
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets
Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium
Chapter 13: Cost of CapitalHer teaching is boring....i only study by myselfSee attached syllabus. Really useful stuff to be learnt, but I feel like reading the textbook and self study would be more helpful than going to this professor's class.Pretty bad. I thought he'd be great since he was a prof for postgraduates, but he had a really monotonous voice which made it super easy to drift off. Also, he didn't explain concepts well. I learnt much more from reading the textbooks.
His powerpoints are not that clear, and have LOADS of animations and colourful designs that really do not help at all...The content of this course is divided into 3 main parts:
1. time value of money (PV,FV,PMT,I)
2. capital budgeting
3. risk and return

As long as you have build up a good foundation in these concepts, you will have no problem understanding the worked examples as well as the narrower concepts established from the main parts. Having a good understanding of the lecture notes provided should be enough to get you a B or above. It's rather difficult to get A range unless you put in a lot of effort in reading the textbook and understanding every solution to the homework.The professor delivers the course materials fairly concisely. As the slides combine both concept and worked solutions, the professor usually just goes through the slides relatively quickly.

However, sometimes she tends to spend quite a lot of time explaining the solution (for the 1% bonus mark question) even when similar question types have already been explained.The comtent covers the most important parts of the book. From corporation itself to its investing and financing. The class also includes a tutorial, whose schedule is decided in The first one or two weeks. My schedule totally conflicted with all its tutorials, even the later added one. So I have never been to one. But I think it's ok since the tutorial slides are very easy.Well, what you learnt in class is just NOT ENOUGH! You have no idea what is going to be in the exam! For example, the first part about corporation is covered too little, but it was highly required in the exam!Gd, teaching the base financial stuff, quiet hard for a student who never study finance before, so need to do revision after lessonNot bad, quiet detail but teaching a little bit too fast, need to keep paying attendion otherwise u will not catch up easilyNot know yet, no grades have been received yet, but the homework are quiet easy since u can follow the example.One week once, but have prs, so still need to attend the lesson, there has extra exercise for u to pratise.Just mention some basic stuff in finance like stocks and bonds.Professor is always willing to answer questions and always asks students if we have any questions to ask him. Although the prof wont take attendance in class, the lecture theatre is still always full.Content is relevant and good. Heavily relies on the Pearson book. Covers basics of capital budgeting, basic models for pricing financial instruments and investment decision rules. The course wraps really well on itself towards the end and everything makes sense and fits together well.Really liked the instructor. Very easy to approach, hands out notes throughout the course and appeared to be extremely knowledgeable. Though I disliked his approach of not covering every single topic, but instead telling students to read it from the book. I think that was terrible, but thankfully these topics were not quantitative nor difficult, so this was not a problem in the end.Content is not so hard, especially since it's a course for non-SBM students, it wasn't that complicated. Book really helped as well, both for the explanations and end of chapter exercise.

He covers basic accounting, time value of money, bonds, stocks, international finance (currency), capital budgeting.Professor explanation sometimes doesn't make sense. He explains simple things in very complicated ways, but if you read the book and try listening to him again (via lecture video), it will make sense. Also explains quite slow, which results in him asking us to study some chapters all by ourselves (but it's all theories).
Asks a lot of calculation questions for his exams and theories are mostly based on understanding with a bit of memorization.

But the tutorial is amazing, recommend going to his every tutorial if you have time.Content is quite useful with many real-world applications being used. However there are lots of formulae that have to be memorized as the formula sheet provided is useless for the exams. Be prepared to memorize for good grades.Ekkachai has a great and funny accent but tends to cover content too slowly and asks students to self learn certain chapters. He also tends to mess up certain calculations in class, so stay focused when taking notes. I strongly suggest that you buy the textbook as Ekkachai sometimes does not cover exam content in the slides. PRS questions are also quite hard.Content is interesting if you are interested in finance. Topics include cashflows, currency etc.Most of the time follow the notes.The mean score of the course is too high. Statistics had shown that the upper quartile and highest has the same score for both midterm and final exam. That means a little careless in exam will cost you below mean.

PRS questions are not easy if you dont understand the content.Homework every week. Around 30 questions each time. You may search for answers online if you do not want to do it by yourself though.If you do not have any finance background, it might be hard for you to catch up.

It covers basic financial concept and calculation.MK Lai is really a funny professor in terms of expression. You can listen to the ascent and 'I.E.'

Yet, he always jump to some handouts or power points which you do not know where to find it. He covered some topic so fast but some really slow. It depends on how he performed on that particular day.Pretty simple, if you have any basic background in economics or finance. Most of the examples don't seem realistic as they are heavily simplified to make the questions accessible for beginners. Still a lot of people seem to struggle with the concepts and ask very basic questions.Lynn is engaging and upbeat, but she tends to spend too long on certain slides and really over-explain simple examples.The content is quite comprehensive. It really gives you a clear insight of what is the basic things you should know about finance. For the one who has a little background on business courses for instance taken Acct 2010 etc, they will have a little advantage and this advantage can support them up to the midterm exam. But after mid-term, the difficulties will increase explicitly. Note that this course is not just memorizing the formula and use it, cases are as important as the formula because for both mid-term and final, many questions will come out from the cases which have been taught in the lecture, so don't neglect them. And also if given video to watch for the entire lecture, pay attention to it as questions in the exam will come out from them.Before attending lectures, do a rough pre-study about the material is quite useful as the way of teaching is like a flow, the instructor pay much time on talking about the case and when it is the part of formula, he just simply go through it quickly without much explanation. His teaching may a bit boring but I never slept in his class but other classes. Prof is quite knowledgeable. His teaching is quite smooth but a bit fast.Throughout the course, you will learn some very basic knowledge about finance, for instance, how to calculate PV and CAPM. You will also some corporate finance theory, for instance WACC and M&M theory. I guess the course materials were easy and basic in a nutshell.I guess his notes is clear. But I felt a little bit difficult to adapt into his approach of teaching. He counted participation mark as well.Tons of content for you to read. If you like reading chapters and chapters of text, please join. If not, leave immediately. All the content is based on discounting cash flows, but the variability of content is SO HUGE it is sometimes very hard to memorize all of the things. When you put this course in the second year of your BBA study, the amount of workload will definitely kill you with that many presentations and pop quizzes in other subjects. And of course, if you are not in BBA, but in ECOF or QFIN, then you have much time to study this course (as the school always favor these students).Ekkachai's voice is REMARKABLE, hard to fall asleep during class. But he is VERY SLOW, and whenever he cannot finish his teaching, he will tell you to do the readings after class (which will definitely be in the exams). He will distribute "small yellow" participation cards throughout the semester, and when you get six (?), your participation will get full marks. But I dunno if the TAs will really recognize your face or not, as it seems to me that even though you didn't answer any questions, you can still get that card.finance concept
At the beginning, the content is easy like NVP, PV, FV etc
But the topics are getting harder and there is linkage between chapter. So if u are stuck in one chapter, it may take your time to review the chapter at home or otherwise u will start to think difficult in every chapter.Quite good with detailed explanation.
Just a little bit annoying with many class exercise and the bonus class.Financial calculations and concepts
Gets much more difficult after midterm
MUST BUY FIN CAL (saves u a lot of time) and BUY FINA LAB CODE
takes iprs every class (credits correct answer)
**no projects**veronique is so nice
she encourages participation and will get sad if people dont pay attention

lecture slides are very detailed, providing all the steps and examplesBasic concepts of finance e.g. time value of money, interest rate, bonds, discounted cash flow, NPV, valuation of the stock, incremental cash flow, CAPM, risk, WACC etc.Pi, Lynn teaches quite well. She explains the concept quite clearly. There will be TAPPS during lectures to test our understanding to ensure that students understand the basic concepts. And then she will explain the answers clearly.Basic Corporate Finance:
1. Time Value of Money
2. Interest Rate
3. Investment decision rules
4. Financial Statement Analysis
5. Capital budgeting
6. Bond
7. Socks
8. Risk
9. Cost of CapitalPI, Lynn is a really good professor who will be interactive with students. She is also very friendly.
There are some questions during lessons and those questions are counted as part of participation score.
Her teaching is very detail and clear. You can understand and learn the concepts well.Important content on financial concepts that encompass time value of money, stock and bond pricing, risk and volatility and capital budgeting among others. These are relatively understandable in class, but regular revision is recommended (even mandatory to get good grades, and by good I mean B+ or A range) on the online MyLab Finance platform (where she will give you homework questions).

Do questions beyond the required homework questions and practice as many questions as you can so that you can understand more complicated questions and calculations. The formulas are not that difficult to understand, but make sure you understand how to apply them in the word problems that Veronique likes to ask.

TIP: Definitely read the textbook, which I find much more helpful in explaining the concepts than simply going to class.Professor Veronique goes through the slides very quickly, so you will have to pay attention to be able to understand the IPRS questions that she has. She uses real world examples, but can end up being a little monotone. Nevertheless, she is still a very kind lady who will answer your questions (if you have any) at the end of class.Very standard and basic financial knowledge. The calculation formula is not that hard to understand but it may be hard to apply it on midterm and final questions. All in all, it is not hard to catch up if you really read the notes (textbook is a plus which helps u to better understand the content)Many people said that Veronique's lesson is boring. I find it acceptable as she always try to engage students as much as she can. I do not really attend that much lesson as I found that she just read out the ppt... I prefer to look at the notes by myselfExams are cumulative so you have to revise the course materials throughout the term. The contents are confined by the department so changes of contents are not likely.
The course required some statistical background. Having basic accounting knowledge is preferred.A lot of examples are given in the lecture notes. Although some may think her notes are too long and tedious due to tons of examples, these help you better understand the topics.
The professor is very kind to help students and TA is always there to answer students' questions before and after classes.Basic concepts of finance e.g. time value of money, interest rate, bonds, discounted cash flow, NPV, valuation of the stock, incremental cash flow, CAPM, risk, WACC etc.Pi, Lynn actually teaches quite well, translating the text in the textbook into a language that is understandable by students. And she is also willing to answer our questions during or after class.
And there will be TAPPS during lectures to test our understanding, which ensures that we at least understand the basic concepts.Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting
Chapter 6: Bonds
Chapter 7: Stocks
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets
Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium
Chapter 13: Cost of CapitalVery good, makes Finance sound interesting.
PPT is very clear and you can watch lecture videos if you skipped the class (no attendance).good course, you learn a lot compared to first year finance.clear enough, although reading the textbook is more easier, the prof does make an effort to help people understand harder concepts.a curve is done, the grading is quite fair and since the course is an SBM requirement then most students need to take it anyway. don't worry too much.normal workload, would need to review previous material learned to be more comfortable and prepared in class. Best to always ask questions when you are not understanding.Fair content, a great introduction to corporate financeI suggest if you could understand all content through reading powerpoint/lecture notes, it's not necessary to attend classes as they are just going to explain it once again, yet with explanations.Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager (exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude 8.6 and MIRR)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5)
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting (exclude 9.5, 9.6, and MACRS)
Chapter 6: Bonds (exclude 6.5)
Chapter 7: Stocks
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look (exclude 10.4 and 10.5)
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets
Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium
Chapter 13: Cost of CapitalShe just basically read the powerpoint. But she is a very nice person. If you have any question, she is very welcoming to answer your question.

Mostly, I self study.FINA 2303 is an introductory course into the finance field. It mainly talks about the time value of money, interest rate, bond market, stock valuation and risk and return. Some valuation models learned in this course, such as DDM, DFCFM, CAPM, are useful in the valuation of a corporation and stock. However, it is a theoretical course whose contents may not be practical into the real market. Most of the contents are conceptual and requires a little calculation. A financial calculator will be helpful to your calculations.It is a big class. The professor uses ppt to teach. The ppt is in great detail with some questions that are of typical kind. The professor proceeds with the ppt at a bit fast speed, so you will easily get lost if you have not done the preview. The class may be a little boring. However, professor will use some real world cases to improve our sense of finance. Besides, Veronique is really a great professor! She is really cute!!! You will find it out if you attend her lecture.It is a very important course about Finance, and basically, you just have to take it.

Manageable maths! Concepts could be difficult.

I can't really say how could it improve your finance senses, maybe this is just not the course.No CommentChapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager (exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude 8.6 and MIRR)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5, 2.6, and 2.7)
Midterm exam, chapter 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting (exclude 9.5, 9.6, and MACRS)
Chapter 6: Bonds (exclude 6.5)
Chapter 7: Stocks
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look (exclude 10.4 and 10.5)
Quiz, chapter 6, 7, 9, 10
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets     Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium   
Chapter 13: Cost of CapitalHis English proficiency is a bit tough that you should expect to listen very carefully his teaching in class or watch his lecture video after class. However, his teaching quality is high that he explained concepts in detail with examples in powerpoint, while other lecturers don't always have. Moreover, a list of homework questions is suggested so that we can have sufficient practice before exams.Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager (exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude Modified IRR in 8.3, and 8.6)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5)
Midterm exam (chapters 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8)
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting (exclude MACRS in 9.4, 9.5, and 9.6)
Chapter 6: Bonds
Chapter 7: Stocks
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look (exclude 10.4 and 10.5)
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets
Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium
Chapter 13: Cost of CapitalSeats will be assigned and you will be seating in groups. Many tapps during the lesson in which you need to hand in the answers by the end of each lesson. Most of the time she finishes one topic within 2 lessons. You will still do good if you don't pay attention in class, as the textbook covers everything in detail.The course content is intro to Finance and touches virtually all topic you might need later for FINA major.Teaching was done quite good. Slow paced so you could have time to think on the concept. In class exercises were helpful.

However, if you want to nail the course lots of at-home revision and practice should be done.Great learning curve.Prof speaks fast but is patient.Curve is steep.I got around 87% but got B+ only. HKUST students are too good in quantitative courses. Do not miss any homework or it will be dffiuclt for you to get A range.Since I have weak maths' background, I find it very time consuming to understand the content. In particular, I have to spend a lot of time to handle the e-learning (my finanace lab). But I find the exercise inside very useful and effictive in helping me to consolidate my knowledge.Simple at the beginning but a little bit tough at the endHis powerpoints were very detailed. In order to get participation point, you need to be here until he's asked you question. Had a group project to work on. The tutor was very helpful, I did not go pretty often though.There are quite a lot of content covered in this course, and attendance are needed every lesson, so it is not recommended to skip class. For the midterm and final, conceptual questions are hard than the numerical ones. There is also about 6 to 7 challenging questions. Time is adequate for the exams in my point of view, and it is suggested to finish all the numerical questions first.Professor Pi is a very cheerful professor who is always willing to chat and solve questions with students. Her TA Michael is also a very awesome teacher who really could explain how the problems can be done in a very detailed way. So if there is any misunderstandings in lecture, go to the tutorial! 2 participation cards are needed to fulfil participation marks.Course Syllabus:
Chapter 1: Corporate Finance and the Financial Manager (exclude 1.2)
Chapter 3: Time Value of Money: An Introduction
Chapter 4: Time Value of Money: Valuing Cash Flow Streams
Chapter 5: Interest Rates (exclude 5.3)
Chapter 8: Investment Decision Rules (exclude Modified IRR in 8.3, and 8.6)
Chapter 2: Introduction to Financial Statement Analysis (exclude 2.5)
Midterm exam (chapters 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 8)
Chapter 9: Fundamentals of Capital Budgeting (exclude MACRS in 9.4, 9.5, and 9.6)
Chapter 6: Bonds
Chapter 7: Stocks
Chapter 10: Stock Valuation: A Second Look (exclude 10.4 and 10.5)
Chapter 11: Risk and Return in Capital Markets
Chapter 12: Systematic Risk and the Equity Risk Premium
Chapter 13: Cost of Capital

Some chapters are quite challenging such as the Chapter 8 and 9. It is very important to understand the concept of time value of money.The overall learning experience is fine but the professors cannot explain some difficult concepts very clearly. It is important to do more exercises and read the textbook to catch up the teaching progress.The content is very straight forward and easy to understand by using daily life examples. When you feel confused, you can just refer to textbooks. The professor has recommended some MyFinanceLab exercises for each chapter, by doing all these can guarantee you a good result in all exams. Remember to do tutorials questions also.The professor is very hilarious and it is fun to attend his lectures, many students from other lectures would also like to attend his lectures. He always provides a lot of daily life examples and exercises in his lecture notes to help you understand. He don't mind if you don't understand a certain topic, he would let you to discuss with your friends or explain it again to you:)covers some basic concepts in finance e.g. bonds, stocks, time value of money. all these are easily to understand and learnteach from the slides. little extra knowledge taught in class. for those who eager to learn more, Professor Pl Lynn is not a good choiceexams are doable since they are more or less similar to MFL and the ppt slides.
As long as you have studied the ppt slides well, we can get around 85% of the exam.

Class participation 10%(PRS + 3 cards)
MFL Homework assignments 15%
Midterm Exam 30%
Final Exam 45%light workload.
No quiz. For professor Ekkachai, there are quizzes after he finished teaching 1 chapter.  
Just need to finish MFL every week.
Do the PRS and TAPPS every lessonCovers the basic concepts in finance such as time value of money, bond/stock pricing, Important if you want a finance major as this course will determine your legibility for a major in finance.I've heard people say that her teaching is useless and that just reading the slides at home is enough. However, she is not as bad as people say she is; her explanations were easy to understand for me.The content is well organised and refers directly to the textbook, so it's quite straightforward to reference between the two. Since it's an introductory finance course, some of the more advanced topics in the chapters are occasionally skipped.

Course contents include financial statement analysis, time value of money, interest rates, bonds, stocks, investment decision rules, fundamentals of capital budgeting, risk and return, equity risk premium, and WACC.

Lecture slides are posted for each topic, and the answers to all the in-class exercises are also provided for revision.Prof. Pi is a good teacher and she explains all the concepts very clearly to students during lectures. Her lecture slides and teaching are very organised and based of the textbook, so it's pretty straightforward to follow through. The TA is also really helpful, and weekly tutorials are held where the TA goes through and solves some example problems from each chapter.The content is not difficult mainly are discounting cash flows and study some basic model like CAPM. Also financial calculator is a must for this course.His class is quite interesting and he explains the ideas and concepts clearly in class.Not good as lots of students achieve very high marks. So try to get as high marks as you can in everything including participation and assignments.Not heavy as only online assignments, 2 midterms and final. Also you have to participate in class by either answering questions or prs.As other reviews, quite useful, intuitive content.He taught quite good, extended to a lot of additional knowledge, some people may dislike it as they don't relate to exams. However his voice is quite low, which makes me sleepy all the time.It contains a lot of basic knowledge of Corporate Finance. It is quite difficult for people who don't know anything about Finance before. This course covers many topics.His lecture is very informative and useful as he talks a lot about the financial market and many extra information. But he is relatively speaking too fast.Personally I think the content was slightly difficult, and there was lots of theories. I think MK Lai focused on theories instead of application and calculation.MK Lai's teaching style is super super fast which I could barely catch up. Sometimes he did not explain concepts very deeply, especially for formulas.Mid-term and final included MC only, but those questions were quite difficult, lots of students got only half of the paper correct in final. But grading was quite fair and reasonable.Group case study consisted of around 10 questions, the workload was acceptable (unless your group mate free ride). But the content of PPT was huge, studying for exams may required more efforts.The content is mainly related to some fundamental financial theories and concepts. The textbook is a good reference if you find any difficulty in your study. However, most parts related to US market are not required in the exam, so you should focus more on HK market.At first, you might feel difficult to adapt to MK Lai 's teaching as his pace is very fast. Still, you need to jot down a lot of things during the lecture as those could be tested in exam. MK Lai is such a passionate and nice professor that he is willing to answer all kinds of questions in detail and will organize extra lesson to help students with their study,The content is related to Hong Kong context.Prof. sometimes forgot where he stopped last time as the progress of his three sections were different.
He spoke so fast that nobody understands what he was talking about.Basic financial concepts like time value of money, stock and bonds valuation.
Unlike Ekkachai's sessions, Prof. Lai added some CFA content in his teaching which means his teaching is not the same as the textbook and students are recommended to attend his lectures.
Both midterm and final exam are mc questions and non-cumulative.
Prof. Lai has prepared a name list for asking each student one question for participation or attendance mark that is same as Fina1303. Once you answer the question correctly, you can get 5% of your overall course.The two project cases can let students learn a lot and clear some financial concepts, especially for case 2, that is a good teaching method I think.Super many calculations. Things about stock, bond etc. Need to calculate time value of money (which i always get them wrong)Ekkachai's voice is very cute. Overall teaching is quite good but when it comes to limited time, he may rush through slides and ask students to go home and read them  by themselves.This course involves some concepts of finance(capital budgeting in particular) as well as some calculations. I suggest you to buy a financial calculator or borrow one from your senior as it will make your life much easier: at least you do not have to waste your time looking at the formula sheet in the exams. It is not a difficult course anyway.I particularly like M.K. Lai as he is really a good professor I would say.

First, his lecture notes were so detailed, clear and well-organized that I barely needed to read the textbook. When attending his lectures, I really could feel his passion of teaching- he would cover everything that would be useful and practical in the reality (not just for the exam) even though some contents were out-of-syllabus. For his session, there would be a case study written by him, on which you would have the opportunity to apply what you have learnt in this course. If you really want to learn or even want to take finance as your major, I would suggest you to take his sessions.

Second, he was a really nice and down-to-earth professor. No matter whether it was at weekends or on the weekdays, no matter whether your questions were stupid or not, he would always be willing to reply your emails and they were very detailed (in Cantonese: not just 'hea'-ing you).Tons of content for you to read. If you like reading chapters and chapters of text, please join. If not, leave immediately. All the content is based on discounting cash flows, but the variability of content is SO HUGE it is sometimes very hard to memorize all of the things. When you put this course in the second year of your BBA study, the amount of workload will definitely kill you with that many presentations and pop quizzes in other subjects. And of course, if you are not in BBA, but in ECOF or QFIN, then you have much time to study this course (as the school always favor these students).he is VERY SLOW, and whenever he cannot finish his teaching, he will tell you to do the readings after class (which will definitely be in the exams).fOverall, the teaching is great though the workload is heavy, and the grading is fair. You will expect to put effort for this class, and I believe you will improve your case analyzing skills by this course, and really learn something. However, if you aim to get high grades without working, that is basically impossible for this course.The teaching is easy to follow and understandable. The professor gives a lot of examples, and understandable accent. I don't fall asleep in class.Several interesting topics taught through the semester, and it seems the majority of the course contents are fairly interesting and useful. The contents of the course are mainly covered in the textbook, but it seems like it is also important to take notes from professor's lecture. It is important follow the professor's teachings during class time; and thus, you must come to class everyday.It was not a bad class since the professor wanted some interactions with students. Many interactions and interesting discussions. The professor was always opened for any statements or arguments from students. The professor, indeed, checked attendance by giving out an attendance form for students to sign up. Attendance, infact, is really important as some of the contents covered in the quizzes are from professor's lecture.Content is useful, interesting and practical. It teaches global marketing strategies in different countries and focuses on market entry and factors that you should consider. It is based on textbook, lecture notes, readings and cases.The professor is very good, however, she requires students to be super attentive in class, phone are not allowed in class.Very straightforward content; its basically the basic stuff you learn in your previous marketing courses but more in-depth and on a global level. Content includes: Selection of country market, country market analysis, brand positioning, standardization or adaptation in the foreign market, types of market entry strategies, and promotional strategies for the foreign market. The content is very useful and you have to be able to apply what you've learnt to your group project. Choose a company and market wisely as it will really affect your country analysis & marketing strategies.Prof Valenzuela is a really nice Spanish lady who is passionate about what she teaches. You can tell that she really cares about her students and wants you to do well. She may call on you randomly to check if you've paid attention, so make sure you stay awake in her class. Her lectures aren't boring and she gives very good examples for her concepts. She also fast at replying emails.Very vague of content, Professor was just simply walking you through the PowerPoint once. It is all about the global brands, not very interesting. Sometimes we have case discussion every week and in-class group exercise regarding the case.He has very strong European accent, so sometimes it is difficult to understand what he is talking about. He just simply followed the PowerPoint and read it through once. For case study, he won't explain what is happening in the case, just ask you to form group to do in class group work.
Basically, he just talks many factual things during class.Almost useless content.
The content taught after mid term will not be tested coz there is no final exam !
Some application on how social media used in marketing.
( E-marketing campaign.)Boring !
Just keep speaing the content and the words on the ppt slide.Quite interesting. Unlike other marketing courses, MARK1330 talks about how companies can use the  Internet to effectively promote their business, for example, using search engine optimization (SEO). Recommend students who are interested in the digital world to take the course.Boring
NO interaction at all
focus a lot on cosmetics industryProvides an overview of Marketing fundamental concept, but not only digital marketing. Most of the topics and slides are interesting and related to our media world, yet some of them are duplicated. Prof will also invite guest speakers to class to give us a talk on different topics.Understandable.
Lack of class interaction.Really informative and easy to understand. The best part of this course's content is that it feels practical and something which will actually be useful in a person's career.Prof. Dennis Tan Lim is one of the best professors in HKUST, hands down. Very very highly recommended, not just for this course, but any course that he teaches.About how marketing can relate to the society. Professor also includes some scandal of some big company in this course.The lecture makes me feel relax because students discuss most of the time. Professor always playing some video, seldom use power point for teaching. If you like discussion, you will love this course.Relates on how marketing can be applied to real life to be more socially responsible. Interesting content. Invites special guest that gives good content as well.Funny teacher with teaching method that is not rigid. Likes to involve the class by having friendly debates and discussion. Sometimes, she talks too much until she goes off topic.good, easy to understand
a wide range of information
ppt are needed in final mc quiz
15 MCQ to contribute 20% in total grade
a lot of videos in class
guest speakers were knowledgeablefunny instructor
talkative
strong accent
a lot of videos in class
guest speakers were knowledgeableThe content is fair. There ain't very difficult topic. The course includes some marketing strategies which are controversial. Lots of case studies are included to help analysing those ideas. You could learn different deceptive strategies used by companies and different business concepts.It is fine. Good to utilise case studies to teach students as it would be less boring. Wouldn't be too straight to students. However, his intonations and speaking style are sometime boring.The course provides a basic but very well-structured framework of the marketing process, which is particularly useful not only for students aiming to be marketing professionals, but also anyone who wanna market himself when finding a job, selling his idea, etc.

Topics included:
Introduction to Marketing Management
Marketing Research
Consumer Buyer Behavior
      Consumer Characteristics
      Buyer Decision Process
Segmenting, Targeting, and Positioning
      Differentiation and Segmenting
      Value Proposition - Targeting and Positioning
4P's
      Branding Strategy
      Pricing Strategy
      Marketing Channels
      Promotion
Marketing Ethics and Social Responsibility

The last lecture on ethics and social responsibility was especially rewarding. She introduced 'storydoing' and how enterprises nowadays could leverage the social power of 'storydoing', instead of 'storytelling', to increase the social impact their promotional campaign created. She even further covered how to become an influential and an inspiring person, by addressing the 'why' question first rather than the 'what' question - a 'why' question is the value proposition that brings about values to customers, whereas a 'what' question is the products or the services we deliver to the customers. This is explained by our intrinsic tendency to be influenced by emotions first, rather than rational thinking.

This is one of the most useful and inspiring courses I've ever taken in UST.PUIG is indeed a very passionate professor. Even though she's got the worst accent, the weirdest style of clothing, a not-so-good body shape, whatever... I still LOVED her teaching. I felt like she was the mother of every single student. She cared about every one of us, fully understood our characters, and tried to help us learn in a way we didn't even notice. I've changed so much under her teaching that I feel like I've transformed into another person.I would say that the content is actually pretty interesting. She divided the whole class into three parts, which are 3C, STP, and 4P (you'll know what they are when you take this class). Pretty basic theories; the focus is mainly about the role of marketing strategy in the organizations.I am not being subjective, but Prof. Yang's English is kinda bad. It was quite difficult to understand what she meant for the whole thing, and the class was kinda boring. She was new, though, so maybe she was still adjusting at that time. She couldn't explain the whole thing clearly, and she was just repeating the presentations.

She was pretty nice, though...This course is mainly an introductory course in marketing. It will teach you how to make a marketing plan. Basically, you will know  how to do an analysis of consumer tension,3Cs, STP, 4Ps.
I think the topic about societal marketing is the most interesting and useful even if you are not a marketing-major student.Professor actually delivers very interesting classes. She is very open to opinions from students and she is funny. Make sure you pay attention in class and make an impression. She mentions some of the most important things in lectures which you cannot find in textbook.The content is interesting as it talks about advertisements, some basic marketing concepts with lots of examples.HELL.
You have no idea what she is talking in her class as she is just saying what she likes. I attended all the classes just to let her remember me but not for learning. I just learn all the knowledge through reading textbook.Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- Promotionneed to sit with group mates following the seating plan
provides many examples
not only teach according to the ppts
midterms may contain questions asking what examples are used to illustrate a specific concept
don't skip the examples during revisionNever learned Marketing or what so ever, but it wasn't difficult to understand. Just some basic concepts. However, the course isnt just about understanding. it is also about how you are able to put it into use.
Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- PromotionTeaching was interesting. Wasn't hard to follow. He's not the type of professors that just reads off ppt. He has a lot of interaction with students. He uses a lot of case studies to help students comprehend the course concepts.Good fundamental knowledge about Marketing. Got me interested in learning more about Marketing.Great teacher, learns everyone's name which makes the class more personalized, uses memorable and visual examples in class.Grading it pretty decent. Professor is always ready to give feedback so it is easy to improve assignment and group project throughout the semster.The group project can seem a intensive as it spaces out over 3 months. The exams are mostly based on the lectures so if you attend the lectures, you should be good to go!Really straightforward and good course. Teaches about marketing, consumer behaviour, pricing strategies and much more. The mid term is multiple choice and has negative marking.Very good and funny. He is a very good teacher and tries to engage with his students. A lot of videos are shown through the course to engage with students. Also uses a ton a business case studies that you have to read before coming to class as then you will not know what he is talking about.This is a compulsory course in studying BBA in HKUST.
Contents were basically 3Cs (company, competitors, customers), STP (Segmentation, targeting and positioning) as well as 4Ps (Price, place, promotion, products).
The contents are useful for your future career for sure!Fabulous teaching style and she gave a lot of examples to illustrate her ideas. Sometimes made jokes in class. She was responsive to students' questions.Easy to follow and pick up
Mostly about 4Ps(place. product  etc)
STP (strategy, targeting, and promotion)Fascinating and intriguing.
Used a lot of examples and video to support, an adequate amount of humorous.
Can easily catch attention and arouse your interest in marketing!This is an introductory marketing course, mainly deals with the 3C's, STP, 4P's and Societal & Sustainable Marketing. The end goal of the course is to formulate a marketing plan which covers all the above topics.Professor Coral's teaching is very different- more interactive, engaging and fun. She links her lessons with stories and videos for us to understand better. She is very approachable and shares a lot of hands-on knowledge about Marketing.Tbh until now I'm still quite confused.

Always changes the syllabus until after the second quiz. And what she tested on the quiz is different than the required reading stated in the syllabus.

However, she did teach us a lot of practical marketing instead of terms and definitions stated in the textbook like other professors. She arranged a talk with Revlon's CEO and have a guest lecturer came and taught us about Promotion.When she teaches more about the content, the class is super boring. However, she would always digress every now and then and tell stories from her company and experiences and that's where the class gets interesting. There is also an Innovation Class that is basically a short version of the usual Innovation Workshop she gives to companies.

She likes student who participate, but make sure you started participating early! (The first or second class).Course Intro + Purpose of Marketing
Managing Marketing info
Consumer markets and Consumer buyer behavior
Marketing strategy: STP
Product - branding strategy
Pricing - understanding and capturing customer value
Place - marketing channels
Promotion

WHAT DO WE DO IN MARKETING?????
WE RELIEF CONSUMER TENSIONS!!!!!!
^^^^you gotta know this unless u wanna die
(tested in quiz 1 and quiz 2)

good introductory marketing course, gives u everything u need to know about the basics of marketingCoral is a very active, engaging, lively, and aged women from Barcelona with an accent
She likes people who participate in class and voices out opinions (I MEAN IT !!!!!!!)

She's not the usual marketing lecturer who will teach you textbook contents (she hates that) and will teach you more practical marketing things, and likes to share stories in class, which is kinda fun
...which means u gotta study on your own for the quizzes
BUT u gotta still come to class for participation (VERY FRIGGIN IMPORTANT!!!) and ur dead if she doesnt know ur name by heart
Very western teaching, not your usual prof, you need to get in her good side
She gives a lot of time for group discussions during class hours to consult with herThe course is very well-structured and divided into three parts:
Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- Promotion
The group project is about creating a marketing plan, that includes everything you learn in class, about a new productProfessor Kim is a great professor, she speaks very clearly and fluently. In every class she does not allow the use of phones or laptops to make sure each student focuses and does not distract others. She tries very hard to make every class engaging, by asking questions about content or our opinions. She welcomes students stories that relate to the content being discussed. She uses powerpoints, stories and videos to illustrate her points, making classes fun to attend.Contents are mainly about consumer behaviors, namely STP(segmentation, targeting, positioning), 4Ps(product, price, promotion, place) and 3Cs(customers, company, competitors).Christine forbid students using laptop and smartphones in her lessons.
She used a lot of real-life examples and videos in lessons.The course teaches some basic consumer behavior concepts which is related to psychology. It is quite interesting. There are also concepts about marketing strategies and a group project which requires the group to design a whole marketing plan.Christine uses so many real life examples and practical implications which makes the concepts easier to understand. She forbids us to use mobile devices in class but i think it really make the class attentiveMaterials are quite good
3 quizzes throughout the semester (2 best will be count), some in-class group assignmentlectures are interactive, quite a lot of examples and videos are given
the professor is quite friendly and she is willing to answer our questions
cant use computer during lessonsBasic marketing concepts. Manageable for everyone.The teacher talks about her personal life experiences in class to let us get more involved in class, which is actually a good thing because I got to clear concepts.

Prof. Puig is a very funny professor and she also understands the difficulties that students have.

Also, she focuses more on the practical side of marketing, not just the theory side.The content is fairly straightforward, the professor broke it down nicely into bite-sized chunks and the connections between different areas is extremely clear.

The main plus point is that the focus is not on simply remembering definitions but on understanding how the "building of marketing" is built and I think that makes this course a lot more interesting.The teacher is extremely interesting, makes the subject really come alive! Its clear that she has a real passion for the subject and makes it come alive for the students3Cs, 4Ps, STP, etc.
Marketing 101 for youShe is absolutely one of my favorite professors so far. Some people seem to have a negative impression of her because she grades harshly (which isn't false) but she is the nicest Canadian lady who has a great sense of humor (lots of people in the class didn't seem to understand her humor tho. pity) and is greatly enthusiastic when she teaches.
One of the greatest thing was her English fluency. Another thing is how flexible she is and how willing she is to listen to your questions and genuinely try to help you out.Basic stuff about marketing - the course content is well structured. It start's from Company, Competitors and Customers (3C) to Strategy, Targeting and Positioning (STP), and the classical 4P. An elegant and handy model to understand the basics of marketing strategies.Kim's teaching is good. She speaks fluent English and can explain the concepts very clear with the aid of real world examples. She is also willing to answer the additional questions of students. When my group has finished present she pointed out the key concept that we missed and suggested some ways to improve the report. After that we have get an A+ in the report, and heard from her that only 2 groups have got this grading.A typical business core.But her content is fully copied from the textbook and some insight http://invloved.It's good if you really want to remember some fundamental concepts rather than only learning some cases which may not be systematic.Overall,she speaks a fluent english as she comes from Harvard.One point to note is she merely read the powerpoint and the rationale behind is your duty to comprehend.The concepts for all MARK2120
Lectures are similar. It's the beginner level of marketing which is about some psychology and consumer behaviors. It is quite interesting to me.
Kim demonstrate quite a lot of example videos to illustrate the concepts so it is pretty interesting to take her lessons.Kim's English is very fluent and she has much working experience in big companies so she is very good at illustrating the concepts in real life examples. I like her teaching quite a lot even though smartphone or laptop is prohibited in her class, it is because you don't actually need it in her class! I can pay more attention in her class than any other courses.
Kim is also very inspirational, when you seek for her comments on your project, she gives very concrete and useful comments and guide you to think deeper. You can really improve bit by bit through her comments.MARK2120 covers fundamental marketing concepts - 3C (Consumer, Company, Competition); STP (Segmentation, Positioning and Segmentation); 4P (Price, Product, Place, Promotion)

Every Professor covers similar concepts so it is almost the same among different sections in terms of concepts and intended learning outcomes. Therefore, the point that creates variation among sections would beThere are three quizzes in total, and only the best two results will be counted in your final grade. 30 multiple choices. Not cumulative. The duration only lasts 1 hour for each quiz and most likely you'll finish it without half an hour. They're not difficult if you remember the examples Kim taught in classes. Most of them are mentioned before.

A project is involved. Your group mates are assigned by Kim. Just think of a brand-new project and present it.

There're group exercises in each lecture. Be present, just write down your name and have some discussions.Most of my friends said Kim is bored. I think it depends. Be reminded that he'll remember your name and ask you questions suddenly. Just be awake.Content include: What is Marketing, Company, Understanding the Environment, MR, Consumer, Segmentation and Targeting, Differentiation and Positioning, Ethics, Products, Price, Distribution and Advertising.The teacher is quite boring at times but I think he is quite nice. He doesn't mind you approaching him other than class time and says hi when he sees you around in campus.Lectures are based on powerpoint slides produced by the textbook publisher. Content is fairly easy and straightforward.The pace is decent, I had one 3 hour class every week, so we covered 2 topics in one class. Participation marks are given when you answer one of his questions, therefore just remember to answer his questions.Topics are mostly covered in HKDSE BAFS(Accounting), so it is pretty easy for those who have taken BAFS before.
REMEMBER TO ATTEND MOST OF THE LESSONS EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN LEARN IT AT HOME!!!!!
He put some in class examples into the final exam questions (carry many marks), those who skipped classes will not be able to answer.Kinda boring and the pace is a little bit slow for those who have learnt before, but it is VERY FAST and hard to pick up for those who have not learnt before.This course mainly introduces some basic concepts of marketing from 3C, STP and 4P. The concepts are not that difficult and they are quite interesting. Some topics are taught in BAFS in secondary school.
There are some readings and videos included in this courses and they will be examined in the quizzes.Professor Kim is very nice and he is willing to offer many supports in the group research assignment and the group project. His teaching is quite interesting but his voice is too soft.It is about understanding the market & customers and how to create value for them.
1. Understanding the environment (which are customer, company, and competition) -> 3Cs
2. Setting the strategy ( segmentation, targeting, and positioning) -> STP
3. Marketing Mix (product, price, promotion, and place) -> 4PsIn my opinion, he is funny and teaches really well. Anirban is friendly and recognizes each of his students' name (not joking, ofc after a few classes). What is good about his teaching is he uses the examples that the students are familiar of. He likes to give students the big picture of the course, so that you can link each lecture session with the previous lecture sessions. Highly recommend you guys to take his class.

I enjoy how he encourage students to give out their ideas and analyze the examples/ topic he teaches,Basic stuff about marketing, great introductory course if you want to know more about marketing (as major)Professor was humorous and used a lot of real life examples in the teaching. Did not allow any computers or phones during lecture though.Group project matters a lot, as the quizzes are super easy and everyone's gonna do great on themNot heavy work load, mostly presentation and quizzes
Case study, assignment and project all done as a group, and he let you form your group, so it's important to group responsible groupmates.There are quite a lot of content. You have to attend the lectures so as to understand those ideas in the slides since he will be giving example on it. The most most important point is that some in-class exercises will appear in quiz and finals.He is quite a nice guy, and always raise questions. Sometimes he may pick someone to answer if there are no one answering him.The content is relatively simple and easy to understand. The course is mainly based on group projects, with a few quizzes to test your knowledge.The teaching is relatively good. Although, you have to look over the lecture notes and textbook before quizzes.Grading is fair and is based on the amount of work your group puts it. However, your group should be willing to work as well as the projects are usually given one collective group mark and not individual marks.The workload is light during the semester. However, it gets heavy towards the end since all the projects are due then. So it is better to be prepared in advance rather than rushing the projects as it can greatly affect your marks.Content a bit outdated, but easy to understand. Mainly slides and book. If you really want to get a good grade, go through the book and look for specific terms, she would ask those.Not much interaction/ discussion in class. Reviews on group projects or assignment are available only at the end of the sem. She would somtimes be absent and not tell usQuite easy compared to other courses. The mid-terms are all in MC format and it is not really hard if you can remember the content well.He prefers a vivid and interactive class than a pure-duck-feeding class, so it is definitely more beneficial for you to answer questions more often. One more thing, he could recognise every single one of the students and so don't try to escape class because he attaches much importance on the attendance.Easy content and you can always understand the notes.Prof. Kim is a good professor though he is quite serious. Never skip class as he always tests the things that he mentioned in class. He wants interactions and feedback from students so if you answer more questions in class, the participating score must be good.The slides were very good and highlighted all the keypoints. However, it is still very important to attend lectures, as the professor will mention examples that are not on the slides. Very often, these examples will appear on the quizzes. Overall, it provided a good introduction to marketing for me.The professor's teaching was clear and easy to understand, and he's very helpful and willing to spend time to answer questions until the students understand everything. Various mediums were used in the lessons to allow students to better grasp the concepts, e.g. films, advertisements, case studies. Also, the professor has a great sense of humour, so that made the lessons fun. Overall the lessons were very engaging.This is mainly an introductory course for Marketing. As I think Marketing is a popular choice besides Finance and Accounting, many students registered for popular professors. As I was allocated to register classes at 3pm, this is almost the last option that I could get. The content covers almost the whole book for 10+ chapters. In my opinion, I do not think that you need to buy the book, as the previous versions are just similar to the latest one, except that the examples and design might be different. The publisher will have a new edition every year, but I think it's a total waste to buy a new book, as you can always borrow the older versions in the library.He is a visiting professor from the University of Hong Kong. He said in the first lesson that as he knew that HKUST is famous for having bright students, he wanted to teach in HKUST to see the learning atmosphere here. He is very engaging, which I like it. During the first lesson, he asked everyone to introduce themselves. In the second lesson, he could already remember most of the names. The lessons lasted for 3 hours once a week with a break in between. I like this better as I can often endure long lessons. He often asked questions to students, especially those who didn't pay attention in class according to my observation.Interesting but a lot to cover. Within a month, we've covered more than 10chapters and professor recommended us to read the chapters.Very engaging. However, it's very hard to predict the participation grade because it seems to be very subjective. Also, you should go to the class. He randomly gives pop quizzes. Within a month, I had 2 pop quizzes.A bit fluffy content by the nature of marketing but the professor plans it very systematically. You learn quite a lot of theories and useful equations. Prof also has good background in economics.I never dosed off in this prof's class. It's so fun, engaging, and very interesting. The professor never makes it competitive for students to class participate - everything is natural and the class is generally very nice. It's important for everyone not to make the class very tight to compete with class participation.MARK 2120 is the introductory course of marketing. In the whole course, you will learn basic marketing concepts and knowledge.

For Wenbo classes, in the first lesson you will be given a summary of what you will be learning in the whole semester. After that, materials will be elaborated more clearly, mostly focuses on 4Ps (Product, Price, Promotion and Position) and 3Cs (Customer, Company and Competition).   

Wenbo does not require you to use textbook, you only need to use his PPTs and it would be fine. For his PPTs, it is quite clear and not much to momorize, most of the time he will use case to elaborate the concepts and ideas, you will just need to listen what he said and have a brief understanding than it would be fine for your quiz.To be honest, Wenbo is also one of my most favorite Professor. He is funny and always make jokes. Personally I really learn a lot in his class and found marketing interesting. He is good at using case studies to elaborate ideas and concepts, his class is relax and not demanding.The content is quite interesting, especially the puzzle discussed in the class, which is quite counter-intuitive, and while having the discussion about the rationale behind these phenomenon, many creative ideas were developed. Personally speaking, the most interesting thing in the class is about the puzzle. The content about marketing is quite practical and can be frequently used in our daily life.Wenbo's class is quite interesting, he frequently used some real life example to explain the marketing knowledge. And the puzzles that discussed in the class can trigger your interest. Before having the class, he generally plays some interesting advertisement, within the class, he will use these kind of ads to explain the marketing knowledge.This course is an introduction to marketing management, and the topics covered include STP, 4Ps, 3Cs and the marketing process. The content is quite easy to understand, especially if you do the assigned readings before the class.Amy is a very good teacher, and it is very easy to understand her (obviously) as her English is really good. Although many people say she's a 'killer prof', I personally don't think she was very strict or tough. However, she DOES really hate it if you talk during class (when she's lecturing) or you use your phone. She's really friendly, and willing to answer your questions if necessary.Easy concepts, an interesting group projects -- a sales pitch. A few case studies. Basically learning stuff in lectures and applying it in practical situations.People warned me about her for some reason but she's actually quite OK? She's a bit 'high school' as in she'll tell you off for talking too much but other than that she's cool.Basically the entry level marketing knowledge - 3Cs, STP and 4Ps. Learning how to analysis all these is actually quite fun.

It is important to get a textbook (buy / borrow / e-book or whatever). The information on the power points might not be sufficient for quiz preparation.Prof. Dalton is good in teaching. You would hardly fall asleep in her class. It's okay to ask her any questions regarding to the course, she will answer promptly.Typical marketing contents: STP, 3C, 4P

Syllabus:
Quizzes x3 (count best 2 only) 50%
Projects  30%
Puzzles 10%
Participation 10%Wenbo is funny. His ppt has a lot of pictures to attract your attention and explain very good as long as you have attended his lesson.Topics include:
Intro: Overview Marketing I
Intro: Overview Marketing II
Company
Competition-environment
Information/ Research
Consumer I
Consumer II
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 1
Segmentation
Targeting
Positioning I
Positioning II
Ethics
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 2
Product
Price I
Price II
Place
Promotion I
Promotion II
Extension
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 3Teaching is quite good.
The concepts are all explained clearly and structurally.
You can learn so much about 3Cs, STP and 4Ps in her lecturesThe Content of marketing is actually interesting since unlike economics or  finance, we are able to relate marketing theory to real life situation, which is more fun. However, there are not a lot of content. For the whole course, it covers the following:
3Cs: Customer, Company, Competition
STP: Segmentation, Targeting, Positioning
4Ps: Price, Product, Place, Promotion

Since it does not take long to teach all of these content, quite a huge amount of time are used for marketing puzzle presentation and break time (10 minutes for each lesson)....Shi Yang is a new teacher and she does not know how to handle students. The class is usually noisy and even worse, she is not even good at teaching marketing concepts. She gives out bad examples and quite misleading. However, she is quite nice and helpful. She is willing to improve in which I hopes that she will be a better professor in the futureBasic marketing knowledge
Understand the Market (3Cs)
STP
4Ps
Clocky Case

Most of the contents are not difficult.She is a new professor, she has just graduated and we are the first batch of students of hers. Basically, you can't get much from this professor, maybe she will improve.

First, her presentation has a large room for improvement, it is difficult for you to understand what she is talking about. She has strong mainland accent which makes her presentation even more difficult to understand. To be honest, only a few students will listen to her in class.

Second, don't find her for consultation during the assigned timeslots(2 times theoughout the semester, 10 minutes each), she will confuse you and being confused by you, then she will keep agreeing with you, but I heard that turns out she was not satisfied by what she approved. Finding her after class or office hours makes more sense.

However, she is quite willing to improve, obviously the lessons are easier for us to catch up and understand at the last stage of the course.

One more thing, she tends to add some economics and mathematics knowledge in the course, which are not covered in other lectures.marketing management
STP
consumer
b2b
...

i think its boring

content is not difficult but you need to memorize a lot of things for quizLee Bernard, He is a visiting professor and most of the time he will not stay at ust so it's hard to make appointment with him and ask him about the marketing plan or case analysis.
He said attendance is a must.

he gave breaks during lecture. its good.

but he didn't give sample questions of quiz and the quiz content and examples are based on the real cases in the US so you will come across many brand names you don't know in the quiz.The course teach many different marketing strategies and how to write a marketing plan. Quit interesting and useful.Lee Bernard is very nice and friendly. He teaches interestingly`` and clearly.The mean of the two mid-term are very high. So difficult to get above mean score. If you really attend all the lesson and study well may get high grade. He will as in-class questions in the mid-term so need attend lessons.Quit high workload. Have in-class exercises frequently. Have group project and presentation. 2 mid-terms and no final exam.His class is fun and enjoyable, won't be bored of his lesson because he'll always try to get someone to answer some of his questions. Instead of finals, there were quizzes that had MCQ, open ended questions and a short essay question where a scenario would be given to answer with.A really chill professor that gives good real life examples to be used to compare with and explains the theory pretty well so it's easy to understand. Didn't have to read too much from textbook but just a bit to further fully understand the concepts, which help out for the quizzes. Attendance is quite important (10% + pop quizzes) in his class as he makes everyone sign the sheet before class and if he remembers your name. It also benefits because 10% is class participation so try to voice out as much as you can and 10% is yours.This was my first marketing class in UST. Class was fun, materials were insightful and we had fun cases, group projects and presentation.One of my most favorite Professor. He made the classes fun, engaging and memorable, with insightful case studies, and was very helpful to students questions.Marketing major has competitive grading. Make sure to aim above 90% for your quizzes or as high as possible! Everyone could get good grade, and with this curve grading, even though you have good score for exams, quizzes and projects, it is easy to fall behind. Participation helps too! Do your very best and enjoy the class! :)As usual of Marketing courses, heavy workload. Case studies, discussions, projects, presentation and quiz. Come prepared for class! Regardless of the heavy workload, personally I had fun and learnt a lot.Varies, depending on the prof. Prof. Dalton used the books a lot, which I didn't like, to be frank. Although, overall the content is okay.Didn't like Prof. Dalton too much. Very theoretical, and to do well in the quizzes, going through the books is needed.If you mess up anything, chances are that your grades will reflect that rather heavily. There were three quizzes, consisting completely of multiple choice questions.Occasional assignments, both in-class and out-of-class. Hence, attendance is also quite important.Very interesting class. The content are easy, as long as you listen in class and do a little bit of reading at home you will understand everything.She's a nice teacher (that's my impression before the grade comes out). She is very willing to answer any questions you have about marketing. Be sure to know the material before class because she would point at you and ask you questions.it's got a book, some ppt notes (to supplement, not replace the book) and religious repetition of ppt (which probably hasn't and isn't going to be updated soon) during class. But of course, the videos are lovely and bring life to to class.Amazing enunciation (duh) and friendly to approach. But routine and conventional. No latest case study, no creativity and certainly no new material introduced.No final, only 3 MC Quizzes, take 2 for counting final grade.
A lot of team-work exercise, but interesting!Business ethics may sound boring to students, in fact, it is quite interesting since different cases push students to think more sbout historical and also modern ethical issues.Paul's teaching style is interesting.He does not mind to tell us his experience. Also, he uses different kinds of famous incidents and philosophical cases to deliver the appropriate business ethics, which makes it eaay to understand.consumer(buyers' behaviour)
4P (product price place promotion)
social responsibility and business ethicsnot that interesting
but he is still a nice professor
powerpoint slides teaching
no need to buy books as almost all the questions in the quiz
are covered in the powerpoint slides
need to pay attention on the lessons very much
since some of the questions in quiz are those videos shown
during the classes!!
i suggested you revising those videos before quiz otherwise
you may get low marks(below mean) easily as the sd of those quize is very narrow!!he only have some notes for every character, no ppt.
ONE character, two pages notes.It is very bad, he will just say what he wanna say, leave early everytime, with no email reply with his students. I worked hard for every quizzes and mid-term, but i get below mean eventually. Maybe he keeps on taking advantage of my carelessness.Content goes through the entire marketing mix (from 4Ps to 3Cs to finally IMC). Although it does talk about IMC, around half the syllabus is from MARK 2120 and 3420.Boring lecture
but no problem
just always answer the stupid questions asked by the professors, then she will  give you an A gradeThe content of the courses is quite heavy since you need to study the textbook also to get a good grade on the quizzes.The teaching style is nice and comfortable, there will be a lot of cases to help you understand the content.The grading is ok, you can get a B or B+ if you overall above one sd for the quizzes.The workload is fine, there are only one project and three quizzes, but there are also in class exercises so you cannot skip the classes.If you study MARK at 2000 level the content should be easy to follow as it covers STP and talks about 4Ps - Promotion

Lots of interesting examples and ad, just memorise all for your exam then you should do fineThe pace is easy to follow and not too wordy slides. Will distribute in class group exercise as attendance. You don't need to answer question for participation points, you just need to submit the group exerciseContent goes through the entire marketing mix (from 4Ps to 3Cs to finally IMC). Although it does talk about IMC, around half the syllabus is from MARK 2120 and 3420.Prof. Huh is super nice in terms of after-class discussions. She actively wants students to participate heavily in class, so try and speak up as much as you can. Her teaching is pretty good, although mostly from notes she adds extra content that is usually tested, so pay attention in class.This course mainly introduces the IMC in Promotion. (i.e. focus on one of the 4Ps in Marketing). Before getting into the discussion on IMC, it spends pretty much time on something basic, like 3Cs and STP covered in MARK2120.

1. Intro of IMC
2. 3Cs, STP
3.Communication Theory and Consumer Behaviour (Background: MARK3420 CB)
4.Setting Objectives in Promotion and Ad
5. Creativity
6. Sales Promotion (Coupon, event marketing...)
7. Media Strategy
8. Effectiveness
9. Word-of-Month

You can see most of the materials are covered in MARK2120 or MARK3420. If you really want to learn something new, do not choose this course. But that's a good course if you wanna "hea"Nice Korean Women, quite pretty.
Powerpoint slides are in good organisation.
Powerpoint-reader, a bit boring in class.
Need to jot some notes on some examples covered in class, will be tested in the quizzes.This course focuses on B2B marketing, where the main content is about the methods or strategies that most companies would adapt in order to have a higher chance to get the orders from other companies. It is quite informative as there is a new powerpoint slide for almost each lecture.Gene is a well-experienced expert in marketing industry. He often uses his own experience or real life examples during lectures so it's quite practical indeed. He is also a funny guy who always makes jokes during lecture (not many ppl are laughing tho).The course is about B2B marketing. It introduces concepts, tools and technologies applicable to managers in industrial products, consulting services, institutional investing, technology products, business services and other categories where the customer is a business, versus a consumer.   To sell successfully to business buyers, you need particularly to understand what’s uniquely B2B in the areas of market segmentation, buying behavior, pricing and distribution strategies, demand generation, and customer relationship management.  

A lot real life examples will be taught in the course. There are a lot of powerpoints to read and they are all very informative. Textbook is not required. This course mainly assess students on their understanding and applications.The professor is very knowledgeable. He has worked in several multinational corporations and is willing to share his experience. You can learn a lot of marketing knowledge and apply it in the marketing world. The professor replies to email very quickly.Overall, the teaching is great though the workload is heavy, and the grading is fair. You will expect to put effort for this class, and I believe you will improve your case analyzing skills by this course, and really learn something. However, if you aim to get high grades without working, that is basically impossible for this course.The teaching is easy to follow and understandable. The professor gives a lot of examples, and understandable accent. I don't fall asleep in class.Several interesting topics taught through the semester, and it seems the majority of the course contents are fairly interesting and useful. The contents of the course are mainly covered in the textbook, but it seems like it is also important to take notes from professor's lecture. It is important follow the professor's teachings during class time; and thus, you must come to class everyday.It was not a bad class since the professor wanted some interactions with students. Many interactions and interesting discussions. The professor was always opened for any statements or arguments from students. The professor, indeed, checked attendance by giving out an attendance form for students to sign up. Attendance, infact, is really important as some of the contents covered in the quizzes are from professor's lecture.Content is useful, interesting and practical. It teaches global marketing strategies in different countries and focuses on market entry and factors that you should consider. It is based on textbook, lecture notes, readings and cases.The professor is very good, however, she requires students to be super attentive in class, phone are not allowed in class.Very straightforward content; its basically the basic stuff you learn in your previous marketing courses but more in-depth and on a global level. Content includes: Selection of country market, country market analysis, brand positioning, standardization or adaptation in the foreign market, types of market entry strategies, and promotional strategies for the foreign market. The content is very useful and you have to be able to apply what you've learnt to your group project. Choose a company and market wisely as it will really affect your country analysis & marketing strategies.Prof Valenzuela is a really nice Spanish lady who is passionate about what she teaches. You can tell that she really cares about her students and wants you to do well. She may call on you randomly to check if you've paid attention, so make sure you stay awake in her class. Her lectures aren't boring and she gives very good examples for her concepts. She also fast at replying emails.Very vague of content, Professor was just simply walking you through the PowerPoint once. It is all about the global brands, not very interesting. Sometimes we have case discussion every week and in-class group exercise regarding the case.He has very strong European accent, so sometimes it is difficult to understand what he is talking about. He just simply followed the PowerPoint and read it through once. For case study, he won't explain what is happening in the case, just ask you to form group to do in class group work.
Basically, he just talks many factual things during class.Little bit of everything - from Consumer Behavior, Decision making process, Marketing Research, Pricing, Promotion & Advertising, and Targeting &Positioning.

There is way too much things to memorize & understand for each quiz even though its non-cumulative.

2 Exams are quite hard. Mean was below 80 for both.
It contains around 30~40 MC + 2 long questions.You only need to attend one class per week. However, you need to watch online lecture videos every week (1.5 hours long) to complete weekly online quiz.

Basically all contents are covered through online lecture. In class, you will mostly spend time on MARKSTRAT game or in-class exercise.The content is way too much, it covers a lot of different topics and you have to watch the video by yourself.Half of the material will be online lecture, you need to watch videos and then finish a simple quiz every week.The grade is pretty good.You only have 1 class per week(1.5 hour), but you will have tonnes of after-class work to do. We participated a game called MARKSTRAT, you have to submit a decision every week so you may have to meet your group mate every week.Fundamental customer behavior introduction. Immersion of various real life exampleFair, easy to catch up thanks to weekly recap. Did explain concepts clearly. Most of them are easy to understand and graspe. Extensive Multi media materials are used in teachingActually the content is quite generally, which talks about conceptual things mostly. However, it is not that difficult and lots of cases will be discussed in class to help you understand it.The professor is quite funny and cute. He will ask lots of question in class and encourage discussion, which make you enjoy the lessons most of the time.Term Test 1 20%
Term Test 2 20%
Project Written Report 15%
Project Presentation 15%
Research Exercise 10%
Class Participation/ Cases/ In-class Exercises 20%
Research Participation 2%The professor is nice. She is willing to share her experience with students and patient in answering students' enquirers. The learning atmosphere in class is relaxing. However, the direction given by the professor regarding the project are contradictory with the instruction stated in the course instruction and there is double standard during the presentation.Contents are too easy and repetitive with other introductory marketing courses. Not very useful.Professor is enthusiastic in teaching and very nice to students. She created a good learning atmosphere. Always stay behind for questions. But she always makes unclear instructions on the course outline and didn't explain clearly verbally. Sometimes double standard for the assessment gradings.
The 2 tests are terrible. First one has many mistakes and questions are not comprehendible, second one is too easy but contains out-of-syllabus topics.Content won’t be very insightful. Very interactive course but useless for those who possess previous knowledge about consumer thought process and purchase decision making. The class though is really fun and Roberta really puts in a lot of effort to make it interesting.One of the better professors at UST. She really knows what she is talking about and will be more than eager to help you out if you have the smallest doubts.Benefited in strategies in capturing eyeballs of the crowd and motivating consumers in purchasing or employing service.Many interesting examples are shown in classes. Joseph made use of many different sources of ads to demonstrate principles. However, there are too much free time for class discussion while he did nothing.Content is decent if you're into the psychology side of marketing. Covers various theories related to consumer behavior and consumer psychology. However some parts are a bit churRongrong is a horrible teacher. She simply reads off the lecture slides, and tries to make it engaging but ends up being a waste of time. For example, in one lesson she played an episode of Friends and Big Bang Theory (~40 minutes in total!), all for no reason at all.This course links psychological concepts and applies it to the field of marketing. Although there is a lot of content, the more you progress into the course - the more interesting it gets, as you get a bigger picture of everything that goes on in the human mind and how we react to certain things. This information then allows marketers to market to humans in certain ways. Consumer behavior is a very interesting topic and this course brings full light on what it is really about.Joseph does a very good job in this course, especially when it comes to giving real-life examples of concepts we study in class. Application is an important part of any course, as it allows students to put concepts learned into action.Almost useless content.
The content taught after mid term will not be tested coz there is no final exam !
Some application on how social media used in marketing.
( E-marketing campaign.)Boring !
Just keep speaing the content and the words on the ppt slide.Quite interesting. Unlike other marketing courses, MARK1330 talks about how companies can use the  Internet to effectively promote their business, for example, using search engine optimization (SEO). Recommend students who are interested in the digital world to take the course.Boring
NO interaction at all
focus a lot on cosmetics industryProvides an overview of Marketing fundamental concept, but not only digital marketing. Most of the topics and slides are interesting and related to our media world, yet some of them are duplicated. Prof will also invite guest speakers to class to give us a talk on different topics.Understandable.
Lack of class interaction.Really informative and easy to understand. The best part of this course's content is that it feels practical and something which will actually be useful in a person's career.Prof. Dennis Tan Lim is one of the best professors in HKUST, hands down. Very very highly recommended, not just for this course, but any course that he teaches.There is a clear flow of content which makes the course easy to follow.The professor is very nice that he organized a Haodilao gathering for all the students during the term. He used a lot of videos and examples to help illustrate the theories but he may put some of this extra information on the quiz paper.The course aims to provide students with understanding of how to evaluate services.
Attendance is required, scores will be awarded for answering questions.Professor is superb as he is very friendly and funny and could always make the lesson interesting by giving many examples.About how marketing can relate to the society. Professor also includes some scandal of some big company in this course.The lecture makes me feel relax because students discuss most of the time. Professor always playing some video, seldom use power point for teaching. If you like discussion, you will love this course.Relates on how marketing can be applied to real life to be more socially responsible. Interesting content. Invites special guest that gives good content as well.Funny teacher with teaching method that is not rigid. Likes to involve the class by having friendly debates and discussion. Sometimes, she talks too much until she goes off topic.good, easy to understand
a wide range of information
ppt are needed in final mc quiz
15 MCQ to contribute 20% in total grade
a lot of videos in class
guest speakers were knowledgeablefunny instructor
talkative
strong accent
a lot of videos in class
guest speakers were knowledgeableThe content is fair. There ain't very difficult topic. The course includes some marketing strategies which are controversial. Lots of case studies are included to help analysing those ideas. You could learn different deceptive strategies used by companies and different business concepts.It is fine. Good to utilise case studies to teach students as it would be less boring. Wouldn't be too straight to students. However, his intonations and speaking style are sometime boring.Content goes through the entire marketing mix (from 4Ps to 3Cs to finally IMC). Although it does talk about IMC, around half the syllabus is from MARK 2120 and 3420.Boring lecture
but no problem
just always answer the stupid questions asked by the professors, then she will  give you an A gradeThe content of the courses is quite heavy since you need to study the textbook also to get a good grade on the quizzes.The teaching style is nice and comfortable, there will be a lot of cases to help you understand the content.The grading is ok, you can get a B or B+ if you overall above one sd for the quizzes.The workload is fine, there are only one project and three quizzes, but there are also in class exercises so you cannot skip the classes.If you study MARK at 2000 level the content should be easy to follow as it covers STP and talks about 4Ps - Promotion

Lots of interesting examples and ad, just memorise all for your exam then you should do fineThe pace is easy to follow and not too wordy slides. Will distribute in class group exercise as attendance. You don't need to answer question for participation points, you just need to submit the group exerciseContent goes through the entire marketing mix (from 4Ps to 3Cs to finally IMC). Although it does talk about IMC, around half the syllabus is from MARK 2120 and 3420.Prof. Huh is super nice in terms of after-class discussions. She actively wants students to participate heavily in class, so try and speak up as much as you can. Her teaching is pretty good, although mostly from notes she adds extra content that is usually tested, so pay attention in class.This course mainly introduces the IMC in Promotion. (i.e. focus on one of the 4Ps in Marketing). Before getting into the discussion on IMC, it spends pretty much time on something basic, like 3Cs and STP covered in MARK2120.

1. Intro of IMC
2. 3Cs, STP
3.Communication Theory and Consumer Behaviour (Background: MARK3420 CB)
4.Setting Objectives in Promotion and Ad
5. Creativity
6. Sales Promotion (Coupon, event marketing...)
7. Media Strategy
8. Effectiveness
9. Word-of-Month

You can see most of the materials are covered in MARK2120 or MARK3420. If you really want to learn something new, do not choose this course. But that's a good course if you wanna "hea"Nice Korean Women, quite pretty.
Powerpoint slides are in good organisation.
Powerpoint-reader, a bit boring in class.
Need to jot some notes on some examples covered in class, will be tested in the quizzes.This course focuses on B2B marketing, where the main content is about the methods or strategies that most companies would adapt in order to have a higher chance to get the orders from other companies. It is quite informative as there is a new powerpoint slide for almost each lecture.Gene is a well-experienced expert in marketing industry. He often uses his own experience or real life examples during lectures so it's quite practical indeed. He is also a funny guy who always makes jokes during lecture (not many ppl are laughing tho).The course is about B2B marketing. It introduces concepts, tools and technologies applicable to managers in industrial products, consulting services, institutional investing, technology products, business services and other categories where the customer is a business, versus a consumer.   To sell successfully to business buyers, you need particularly to understand what’s uniquely B2B in the areas of market segmentation, buying behavior, pricing and distribution strategies, demand generation, and customer relationship management.  

A lot real life examples will be taught in the course. There are a lot of powerpoints to read and they are all very informative. Textbook is not required. This course mainly assess students on their understanding and applications.The professor is very knowledgeable. He has worked in several multinational corporations and is willing to share his experience. You can learn a lot of marketing knowledge and apply it in the marketing world. The professor replies to email very quickly.Although the course name is Customer Acquisition and Retention, it is not related to CRM, it is more about Digital Direct Marketing.

Content:
1. What is Digital and Direct Marketing (BTL & ATL & CTL)
2. Media, Offer, Creative
3.Database Marketing
4.Viral Marketing
5.Creative development
6.Test Market
7. Market research method
8. Big Data in Marketing
and 2 Guest Lectures

Marketing Department actually offer this course classified with ABCDE, but according to Prof, the content is actually the same.
And If you expect to talk about CRM/SEO/SEM, there are not much content covering about them.Unlike Prof who ususally engaged in academic background, Mr. Raitt had a very comprehensive background in Marketing before he taught in UST, so he offered many real-life experience and actual implementation of marketing strategies, which I found them useful. Marketing in not simply about theory, it's about understanding the customers and the environment. Prof. let me understand what the difference between theories and real-life with an 'Insider' perspective.No book, only lecture notes. Some basic things are taught, easy to handle and can learn something new at the same time.Professor name: Ruth Stevens. On average I quite like the way she teaches, sometimes a bit boring tho. The course includes a lot of guest lectures which are very useful and insightful!!! Must attend. Can learn a lot real case of applying digital marketing successfully in big companies, e.g. pizzahut, mannings, banking, etc.This course is totally not related to customer acquisition and retention but direct and digital marketing.He only use 1 powerpoint to cover the whole semester.Bad grading.... the quiz is too hard and not enough time to work on. He also release the grading very slow. My friend did poor in the quizzes as well as it is not related to the course material that much.
30% for each quiz
2% Research credits
8% ParticipationThere is no final exam but quiz every months, a total of 3 quiz.
The quiz contains MC, T/F, Short answer questions and essay. The questions are so difficult and not included in teaching or syllabus which makes it very difficult to work on.The whole course is basically a powerpoint that's around 130 pages, with not a lot of content. He teaches about ways of digital marketing, and the classes have a lot of commercial watching, and analyzing what's good and bad.Eugene is an amazing professor. He actually tries to help you learn things that are useful in real life, and helps you get used to a lot of marketing terms. It's mostly lecture based, but he's pretty funny and talks pretty slow.Very rich material about advertising and direct marketing.

1. To gain a broad, but deep understanding  of the underlying principles of digital & direct marketing.

thoroughly understand  and be capable of implementing a wide variety of digital & direct marketing programs.

gain enough insight into each functional specialty of direct marketing so that you may choose an area of specialization if desired.

lay a solid foundation of knowledge in the event you choose to pursue a career in digital/direct marketing.Extremely recommended to attend all of his class!! Very attractive and meaningful!Super fun and interesting and great for personal growth. It is super rare for a class to talk about the negatives of shopping and shopping in general.Great teacher, funny and amusing. Honestly one of best teachers and mentors at UST. Also creates great discussionsAll grades are weighted. the class is senior heavy and hence will have many A students. This means that your grades will not be as high as expected.Work load can be hard. There are 2 projects and 2 finals. It can be hard depending on when you get your projects and exams assigned.The content of this course is quite interesting as it challenges your thoughts about today's advertising and all forms of things that caused consumerism. There are a lot of in class discussions and you have to participate actively as you will be given one card per one question you answered. The number of cards you have at the end of the semester will determine your participation score.Professor Dennis Tan LIM is very funny and likeable. He really makes the learning environment interesting. He also shares stories about his personal life.Compared to the French Prof. who usually teach this course, the content taught by this Prof. is much easier. It is easy but a bit disorganized. Topics don't seem to be relevant to each other.She showed a lot of videos in class and teaching is clear. The content is not difficult to understand so her teaching is also good.I found the content really unique and distinctive from usual marketing courses that teach mainly about promotion and advertising. This course covers mostly about what brands should do in order to lead customers to become loyal and what brands should focus on for long term successes. Brand equity, brand perception, factor analysis, and positioning are mostly topics of this course. Really practical and helpful.Absolutely one of my best professors I have ever had in college. She has been teaching for over 20 years and always explains complicated concepts really clearly (she even makes them sound super easy sometimes). Her examples in class and choice of cases are really practical and helpful for understanding the concepts.
She is one of the professors that are always there whenever you have concerns/questions. You can visit her during her office hours for extra questions and she will always be willing to help you.  
Anyone interested in branding/brand management/brand agency, you should totally take this course!!!Pretty interesting content and relevant to the course. Interesting cases chosen. You might find the blog component annoying or you might enjoy it to reflect - doesn't get too serious until the last blog!Very dedicated teacher and extremely helpful. You could approach her quite easily for project advise or other subject related discussions out of class as well. Only very few instances of falling behind schedule.The contents are easy to understand, useful knowledge and interesting. Course materials include ppts, case booklet, and worksheets. Case analysis is very important and the worksheets are mostly based on the cases.Good professor, the way she taught was very clear, easy to understand, many real life examples.What builds brand equity and what erodes brand equity, quantitative and qualitative analysis methods, case studies. A very practical approach instead of just textbook contentAwesome professor, I like how clear she explains the concepts and the lectures are usually interactive. Loves using cases for teaching, which are useful for understanding concepts.some of the topics are taught in secondary school so it is easy for student to catch up with even though they have missed the lesson.Her lesson is not boring because she will prepare some games during the lesson and invites student to participate.What's more video will be played so as to explain economic theoriesThe course provides a basic but very well-structured framework of the marketing process, which is particularly useful not only for students aiming to be marketing professionals, but also anyone who wanna market himself when finding a job, selling his idea, etc.

Topics included:
Introduction to Marketing Management
Marketing Research
Consumer Buyer Behavior
      Consumer Characteristics
      Buyer Decision Process
Segmenting, Targeting, and Positioning
      Differentiation and Segmenting
      Value Proposition - Targeting and Positioning
4P's
      Branding Strategy
      Pricing Strategy
      Marketing Channels
      Promotion
Marketing Ethics and Social Responsibility

The last lecture on ethics and social responsibility was especially rewarding. She introduced 'storydoing' and how enterprises nowadays could leverage the social power of 'storydoing', instead of 'storytelling', to increase the social impact their promotional campaign created. She even further covered how to become an influential and an inspiring person, by addressing the 'why' question first rather than the 'what' question - a 'why' question is the value proposition that brings about values to customers, whereas a 'what' question is the products or the services we deliver to the customers. This is explained by our intrinsic tendency to be influenced by emotions first, rather than rational thinking.

This is one of the most useful and inspiring courses I've ever taken in UST.PUIG is indeed a very passionate professor. Even though she's got the worst accent, the weirdest style of clothing, a not-so-good body shape, whatever... I still LOVED her teaching. I felt like she was the mother of every single student. She cared about every one of us, fully understood our characters, and tried to help us learn in a way we didn't even notice. I've changed so much under her teaching that I feel like I've transformed into another person.I would say that the content is actually pretty interesting. She divided the whole class into three parts, which are 3C, STP, and 4P (you'll know what they are when you take this class). Pretty basic theories; the focus is mainly about the role of marketing strategy in the organizations.I am not being subjective, but Prof. Yang's English is kinda bad. It was quite difficult to understand what she meant for the whole thing, and the class was kinda boring. She was new, though, so maybe she was still adjusting at that time. She couldn't explain the whole thing clearly, and she was just repeating the presentations.

She was pretty nice, though...This course is mainly an introductory course in marketing. It will teach you how to make a marketing plan. Basically, you will know  how to do an analysis of consumer tension,3Cs, STP, 4Ps.
I think the topic about societal marketing is the most interesting and useful even if you are not a marketing-major student.Professor actually delivers very interesting classes. She is very open to opinions from students and she is funny. Make sure you pay attention in class and make an impression. She mentions some of the most important things in lectures which you cannot find in textbook.The content is interesting as it talks about advertisements, some basic marketing concepts with lots of examples.HELL.
You have no idea what she is talking in her class as she is just saying what she likes. I attended all the classes just to let her remember me but not for learning. I just learn all the knowledge through reading textbook.Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- Promotionneed to sit with group mates following the seating plan
provides many examples
not only teach according to the ppts
midterms may contain questions asking what examples are used to illustrate a specific concept
don't skip the examples during revisionNever learned Marketing or what so ever, but it wasn't difficult to understand. Just some basic concepts. However, the course isnt just about understanding. it is also about how you are able to put it into use.
Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- PromotionTeaching was interesting. Wasn't hard to follow. He's not the type of professors that just reads off ppt. He has a lot of interaction with students. He uses a lot of case studies to help students comprehend the course concepts.Good fundamental knowledge about Marketing. Got me interested in learning more about Marketing.Great teacher, learns everyone's name which makes the class more personalized, uses memorable and visual examples in class.Grading it pretty decent. Professor is always ready to give feedback so it is easy to improve assignment and group project throughout the semster.The group project can seem a intensive as it spaces out over 3 months. The exams are mostly based on the lectures so if you attend the lectures, you should be good to go!Really straightforward and good course. Teaches about marketing, consumer behaviour, pricing strategies and much more. The mid term is multiple choice and has negative marking.Very good and funny. He is a very good teacher and tries to engage with his students. A lot of videos are shown through the course to engage with students. Also uses a ton a business case studies that you have to read before coming to class as then you will not know what he is talking about.This is a compulsory course in studying BBA in HKUST.
Contents were basically 3Cs (company, competitors, customers), STP (Segmentation, targeting and positioning) as well as 4Ps (Price, place, promotion, products).
The contents are useful for your future career for sure!Fabulous teaching style and she gave a lot of examples to illustrate her ideas. Sometimes made jokes in class. She was responsive to students' questions.Easy to follow and pick up
Mostly about 4Ps(place. product  etc)
STP (strategy, targeting, and promotion)Fascinating and intriguing.
Used a lot of examples and video to support, an adequate amount of humorous.
Can easily catch attention and arouse your interest in marketing!This is an introductory marketing course, mainly deals with the 3C's, STP, 4P's and Societal & Sustainable Marketing. The end goal of the course is to formulate a marketing plan which covers all the above topics.Professor Coral's teaching is very different- more interactive, engaging and fun. She links her lessons with stories and videos for us to understand better. She is very approachable and shares a lot of hands-on knowledge about Marketing.Tbh until now I'm still quite confused.

Always changes the syllabus until after the second quiz. And what she tested on the quiz is different than the required reading stated in the syllabus.

However, she did teach us a lot of practical marketing instead of terms and definitions stated in the textbook like other professors. She arranged a talk with Revlon's CEO and have a guest lecturer came and taught us about Promotion.When she teaches more about the content, the class is super boring. However, she would always digress every now and then and tell stories from her company and experiences and that's where the class gets interesting. There is also an Innovation Class that is basically a short version of the usual Innovation Workshop she gives to companies.

She likes student who participate, but make sure you started participating early! (The first or second class).Course Intro + Purpose of Marketing
Managing Marketing info
Consumer markets and Consumer buyer behavior
Marketing strategy: STP
Product - branding strategy
Pricing - understanding and capturing customer value
Place - marketing channels
Promotion

WHAT DO WE DO IN MARKETING?????
WE RELIEF CONSUMER TENSIONS!!!!!!
^^^^you gotta know this unless u wanna die
(tested in quiz 1 and quiz 2)

good introductory marketing course, gives u everything u need to know about the basics of marketingCoral is a very active, engaging, lively, and aged women from Barcelona with an accent
She likes people who participate in class and voices out opinions (I MEAN IT !!!!!!!)

She's not the usual marketing lecturer who will teach you textbook contents (she hates that) and will teach you more practical marketing things, and likes to share stories in class, which is kinda fun
...which means u gotta study on your own for the quizzes
BUT u gotta still come to class for participation (VERY FRIGGIN IMPORTANT!!!) and ur dead if she doesnt know ur name by heart
Very western teaching, not your usual prof, you need to get in her good side
She gives a lot of time for group discussions during class hours to consult with herThe course is very well-structured and divided into three parts:
Part 1: Three C's
- Company
- Customer
- Competitor
Part 2: STP
- Segmentation
- Targeting
- Positioning
- Branding
Part 3: Four P's
- Product
- Price
- Place
- Promotion
The group project is about creating a marketing plan, that includes everything you learn in class, about a new productProfessor Kim is a great professor, she speaks very clearly and fluently. In every class she does not allow the use of phones or laptops to make sure each student focuses and does not distract others. She tries very hard to make every class engaging, by asking questions about content or our opinions. She welcomes students stories that relate to the content being discussed. She uses powerpoints, stories and videos to illustrate her points, making classes fun to attend.Contents are mainly about consumer behaviors, namely STP(segmentation, targeting, positioning), 4Ps(product, price, promotion, place) and 3Cs(customers, company, competitors).Christine forbid students using laptop and smartphones in her lessons.
She used a lot of real-life examples and videos in lessons.The course teaches some basic consumer behavior concepts which is related to psychology. It is quite interesting. There are also concepts about marketing strategies and a group project which requires the group to design a whole marketing plan.Christine uses so many real life examples and practical implications which makes the concepts easier to understand. She forbids us to use mobile devices in class but i think it really make the class attentiveMaterials are quite good
3 quizzes throughout the semester (2 best will be count), some in-class group assignmentlectures are interactive, quite a lot of examples and videos are given
the professor is quite friendly and she is willing to answer our questions
cant use computer during lessonsBasic marketing concepts. Manageable for everyone.The teacher talks about her personal life experiences in class to let us get more involved in class, which is actually a good thing because I got to clear concepts.

Prof. Puig is a very funny professor and she also understands the difficulties that students have.

Also, she focuses more on the practical side of marketing, not just the theory side.The content is fairly straightforward, the professor broke it down nicely into bite-sized chunks and the connections between different areas is extremely clear.

The main plus point is that the focus is not on simply remembering definitions but on understanding how the "building of marketing" is built and I think that makes this course a lot more interesting.The teacher is extremely interesting, makes the subject really come alive! Its clear that she has a real passion for the subject and makes it come alive for the students3Cs, 4Ps, STP, etc.
Marketing 101 for youShe is absolutely one of my favorite professors so far. Some people seem to have a negative impression of her because she grades harshly (which isn't false) but she is the nicest Canadian lady who has a great sense of humor (lots of people in the class didn't seem to understand her humor tho. pity) and is greatly enthusiastic when she teaches.
One of the greatest thing was her English fluency. Another thing is how flexible she is and how willing she is to listen to your questions and genuinely try to help you out.Basic stuff about marketing - the course content is well structured. It start's from Company, Competitors and Customers (3C) to Strategy, Targeting and Positioning (STP), and the classical 4P. An elegant and handy model to understand the basics of marketing strategies.Kim's teaching is good. She speaks fluent English and can explain the concepts very clear with the aid of real world examples. She is also willing to answer the additional questions of students. When my group has finished present she pointed out the key concept that we missed and suggested some ways to improve the report. After that we have get an A+ in the report, and heard from her that only 2 groups have got this grading.A typical business core.But her content is fully copied from the textbook and some insight http://invloved.It's good if you really want to remember some fundamental concepts rather than only learning some cases which may not be systematic.Overall,she speaks a fluent english as she comes from Harvard.One point to note is she merely read the powerpoint and the rationale behind is your duty to comprehend.The concepts for all MARK2120
Lectures are similar. It's the beginner level of marketing which is about some psychology and consumer behaviors. It is quite interesting to me.
Kim demonstrate quite a lot of example videos to illustrate the concepts so it is pretty interesting to take her lessons.Kim's English is very fluent and she has much working experience in big companies so she is very good at illustrating the concepts in real life examples. I like her teaching quite a lot even though smartphone or laptop is prohibited in her class, it is because you don't actually need it in her class! I can pay more attention in her class than any other courses.
Kim is also very inspirational, when you seek for her comments on your project, she gives very concrete and useful comments and guide you to think deeper. You can really improve bit by bit through her comments.MARK2120 covers fundamental marketing concepts - 3C (Consumer, Company, Competition); STP (Segmentation, Positioning and Segmentation); 4P (Price, Product, Place, Promotion)

Every Professor covers similar concepts so it is almost the same among different sections in terms of concepts and intended learning outcomes. Therefore, the point that creates variation among sections would beThere are three quizzes in total, and only the best two results will be counted in your final grade. 30 multiple choices. Not cumulative. The duration only lasts 1 hour for each quiz and most likely you'll finish it without half an hour. They're not difficult if you remember the examples Kim taught in classes. Most of them are mentioned before.

A project is involved. Your group mates are assigned by Kim. Just think of a brand-new project and present it.

There're group exercises in each lecture. Be present, just write down your name and have some discussions.Most of my friends said Kim is bored. I think it depends. Be reminded that he'll remember your name and ask you questions suddenly. Just be awake.Content include: What is Marketing, Company, Understanding the Environment, MR, Consumer, Segmentation and Targeting, Differentiation and Positioning, Ethics, Products, Price, Distribution and Advertising.The teacher is quite boring at times but I think he is quite nice. He doesn't mind you approaching him other than class time and says hi when he sees you around in campus.Lectures are based on powerpoint slides produced by the textbook publisher. Content is fairly easy and straightforward.The pace is decent, I had one 3 hour class every week, so we covered 2 topics in one class. Participation marks are given when you answer one of his questions, therefore just remember to answer his questions.Topics are mostly covered in HKDSE BAFS(Accounting), so it is pretty easy for those who have taken BAFS before.
REMEMBER TO ATTEND MOST OF THE LESSONS EVEN THOUGH YOU CAN LEARN IT AT HOME!!!!!
He put some in class examples into the final exam questions (carry many marks), those who skipped classes will not be able to answer.Kinda boring and the pace is a little bit slow for those who have learnt before, but it is VERY FAST and hard to pick up for those who have not learnt before.This course mainly introduces some basic concepts of marketing from 3C, STP and 4P. The concepts are not that difficult and they are quite interesting. Some topics are taught in BAFS in secondary school.
There are some readings and videos included in this courses and they will be examined in the quizzes.Professor Kim is very nice and he is willing to offer many supports in the group research assignment and the group project. His teaching is quite interesting but his voice is too soft.It is about understanding the market & customers and how to create value for them.
1. Understanding the environment (which are customer, company, and competition) -> 3Cs
2. Setting the strategy ( segmentation, targeting, and positioning) -> STP
3. Marketing Mix (product, price, promotion, and place) -> 4PsIn my opinion, he is funny and teaches really well. Anirban is friendly and recognizes each of his students' name (not joking, ofc after a few classes). What is good about his teaching is he uses the examples that the students are familiar of. He likes to give students the big picture of the course, so that you can link each lecture session with the previous lecture sessions. Highly recommend you guys to take his class.

I enjoy how he encourage students to give out their ideas and analyze the examples/ topic he teaches,Basic stuff about marketing, great introductory course if you want to know more about marketing (as major)Professor was humorous and used a lot of real life examples in the teaching. Did not allow any computers or phones during lecture though.Group project matters a lot, as the quizzes are super easy and everyone's gonna do great on themNot heavy work load, mostly presentation and quizzes
Case study, assignment and project all done as a group, and he let you form your group, so it's important to group responsible groupmates.There are quite a lot of content. You have to attend the lectures so as to understand those ideas in the slides since he will be giving example on it. The most most important point is that some in-class exercises will appear in quiz and finals.He is quite a nice guy, and always raise questions. Sometimes he may pick someone to answer if there are no one answering him.The content is relatively simple and easy to understand. The course is mainly based on group projects, with a few quizzes to test your knowledge.The teaching is relatively good. Although, you have to look over the lecture notes and textbook before quizzes.Grading is fair and is based on the amount of work your group puts it. However, your group should be willing to work as well as the projects are usually given one collective group mark and not individual marks.The workload is light during the semester. However, it gets heavy towards the end since all the projects are due then. So it is better to be prepared in advance rather than rushing the projects as it can greatly affect your marks.Content a bit outdated, but easy to understand. Mainly slides and book. If you really want to get a good grade, go through the book and look for specific terms, she would ask those.Not much interaction/ discussion in class. Reviews on group projects or assignment are available only at the end of the sem. She would somtimes be absent and not tell usQuite easy compared to other courses. The mid-terms are all in MC format and it is not really hard if you can remember the content well.He prefers a vivid and interactive class than a pure-duck-feeding class, so it is definitely more beneficial for you to answer questions more often. One more thing, he could recognise every single one of the students and so don't try to escape class because he attaches much importance on the attendance.Easy content and you can always understand the notes.Prof. Kim is a good professor though he is quite serious. Never skip class as he always tests the things that he mentioned in class. He wants interactions and feedback from students so if you answer more questions in class, the participating score must be good.The slides were very good and highlighted all the keypoints. However, it is still very important to attend lectures, as the professor will mention examples that are not on the slides. Very often, these examples will appear on the quizzes. Overall, it provided a good introduction to marketing for me.The professor's teaching was clear and easy to understand, and he's very helpful and willing to spend time to answer questions until the students understand everything. Various mediums were used in the lessons to allow students to better grasp the concepts, e.g. films, advertisements, case studies. Also, the professor has a great sense of humour, so that made the lessons fun. Overall the lessons were very engaging.This is mainly an introductory course for Marketing. As I think Marketing is a popular choice besides Finance and Accounting, many students registered for popular professors. As I was allocated to register classes at 3pm, this is almost the last option that I could get. The content covers almost the whole book for 10+ chapters. In my opinion, I do not think that you need to buy the book, as the previous versions are just similar to the latest one, except that the examples and design might be different. The publisher will have a new edition every year, but I think it's a total waste to buy a new book, as you can always borrow the older versions in the library.He is a visiting professor from the University of Hong Kong. He said in the first lesson that as he knew that HKUST is famous for having bright students, he wanted to teach in HKUST to see the learning atmosphere here. He is very engaging, which I like it. During the first lesson, he asked everyone to introduce themselves. In the second lesson, he could already remember most of the names. The lessons lasted for 3 hours once a week with a break in between. I like this better as I can often endure long lessons. He often asked questions to students, especially those who didn't pay attention in class according to my observation.Interesting but a lot to cover. Within a month, we've covered more than 10chapters and professor recommended us to read the chapters.Very engaging. However, it's very hard to predict the participation grade because it seems to be very subjective. Also, you should go to the class. He randomly gives pop quizzes. Within a month, I had 2 pop quizzes.A bit fluffy content by the nature of marketing but the professor plans it very systematically. You learn quite a lot of theories and useful equations. Prof also has good background in economics.I never dosed off in this prof's class. It's so fun, engaging, and very interesting. The professor never makes it competitive for students to class participate - everything is natural and the class is generally very nice. It's important for everyone not to make the class very tight to compete with class participation.MARK 2120 is the introductory course of marketing. In the whole course, you will learn basic marketing concepts and knowledge.

For Wenbo classes, in the first lesson you will be given a summary of what you will be learning in the whole semester. After that, materials will be elaborated more clearly, mostly focuses on 4Ps (Product, Price, Promotion and Position) and 3Cs (Customer, Company and Competition).   

Wenbo does not require you to use textbook, you only need to use his PPTs and it would be fine. For his PPTs, it is quite clear and not much to momorize, most of the time he will use case to elaborate the concepts and ideas, you will just need to listen what he said and have a brief understanding than it would be fine for your quiz.To be honest, Wenbo is also one of my most favorite Professor. He is funny and always make jokes. Personally I really learn a lot in his class and found marketing interesting. He is good at using case studies to elaborate ideas and concepts, his class is relax and not demanding.The content is quite interesting, especially the puzzle discussed in the class, which is quite counter-intuitive, and while having the discussion about the rationale behind these phenomenon, many creative ideas were developed. Personally speaking, the most interesting thing in the class is about the puzzle. The content about marketing is quite practical and can be frequently used in our daily life.Wenbo's class is quite interesting, he frequently used some real life example to explain the marketing knowledge. And the puzzles that discussed in the class can trigger your interest. Before having the class, he generally plays some interesting advertisement, within the class, he will use these kind of ads to explain the marketing knowledge.This course is an introduction to marketing management, and the topics covered include STP, 4Ps, 3Cs and the marketing process. The content is quite easy to understand, especially if you do the assigned readings before the class.Amy is a very good teacher, and it is very easy to understand her (obviously) as her English is really good. Although many people say she's a 'killer prof', I personally don't think she was very strict or tough. However, she DOES really hate it if you talk during class (when she's lecturing) or you use your phone. She's really friendly, and willing to answer your questions if necessary.Easy concepts, an interesting group projects -- a sales pitch. A few case studies. Basically learning stuff in lectures and applying it in practical situations.People warned me about her for some reason but she's actually quite OK? She's a bit 'high school' as in she'll tell you off for talking too much but other than that she's cool.Basically the entry level marketing knowledge - 3Cs, STP and 4Ps. Learning how to analysis all these is actually quite fun.

It is important to get a textbook (buy / borrow / e-book or whatever). The information on the power points might not be sufficient for quiz preparation.Prof. Dalton is good in teaching. You would hardly fall asleep in her class. It's okay to ask her any questions regarding to the course, she will answer promptly.Typical marketing contents: STP, 3C, 4P

Syllabus:
Quizzes x3 (count best 2 only) 50%
Projects  30%
Puzzles 10%
Participation 10%Wenbo is funny. His ppt has a lot of pictures to attract your attention and explain very good as long as you have attended his lesson.Topics include:
Intro: Overview Marketing I
Intro: Overview Marketing II
Company
Competition-environment
Information/ Research
Consumer I
Consumer II
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 1
Segmentation
Targeting
Positioning I
Positioning II
Ethics
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 2
Product
Price I
Price II
Place
Promotion I
Promotion II
Extension
-----------------------------------------------Quiz 3Teaching is quite good.
The concepts are all explained clearly and structurally.
You can learn so much about 3Cs, STP and 4Ps in her lecturesThe Content of marketing is actually interesting since unlike economics or  finance, we are able to relate marketing theory to real life situation, which is more fun. However, there are not a lot of content. For the whole course, it covers the following:
3Cs: Customer, Company, Competition
STP: Segmentation, Targeting, Positioning
4Ps: Price, Product, Place, Promotion

Since it does not take long to teach all of these content, quite a huge amount of time are used for marketing puzzle presentation and break time (10 minutes for each lesson)....Shi Yang is a new teacher and she does not know how to handle students. The class is usually noisy and even worse, she is not even good at teaching marketing concepts. She gives out bad examples and quite misleading. However, she is quite nice and helpful. She is willing to improve in which I hopes that she will be a better professor in the futureBasic marketing knowledge
Understand the Market (3Cs)
STP
4Ps
Clocky Case

Most of the contents are not difficult.She is a new professor, she has just graduated and we are the first batch of students of hers. Basically, you can't get much from this professor, maybe she will improve.

First, her presentation has a large room for improvement, it is difficult for you to understand what she is talking about. She has strong mainland accent which makes her presentation even more difficult to understand. To be honest, only a few students will listen to her in class.

Second, don't find her for consultation during the assigned timeslots(2 times theoughout the semester, 10 minutes each), she will confuse you and being confused by you, then she will keep agreeing with you, but I heard that turns out she was not satisfied by what she approved. Finding her after class or office hours makes more sense.

However, she is quite willing to improve, obviously the lessons are easier for us to catch up and understand at the last stage of the course.

One more thing, she tends to add some economics and mathematics knowledge in the course, which are not covered in other lectures.marketing management
STP
consumer
b2b
...

i think its boring

content is not difficult but you need to memorize a lot of things for quizLee Bernard, He is a visiting professor and most of the time he will not stay at ust so it's hard to make appointment with him and ask him about the marketing plan or case analysis.
He said attendance is a must.

he gave breaks during lecture. its good.

but he didn't give sample questions of quiz and the quiz content and examples are based on the real cases in the US so you will come across many brand names you don't know in the quiz.The course teach many different marketing strategies and how to write a marketing plan. Quit interesting and useful.Lee Bernard is very nice and friendly. He teaches interestingly`` and clearly.The mean of the two mid-term are very high. So difficult to get above mean score. If you really attend all the lesson and study well may get high grade. He will as in-class questions in the mid-term so need attend lessons.Quit high workload. Have in-class exercises frequently. Have group project and presentation. 2 mid-terms and no final exam.His class is fun and enjoyable, won't be bored of his lesson because he'll always try to get someone to answer some of his questions. Instead of finals, there were quizzes that had MCQ, open ended questions and a short essay question where a scenario would be given to answer with.A really chill professor that gives good real life examples to be used to compare with and explains the theory pretty well so it's easy to understand. Didn't have to read too much from textbook but just a bit to further fully understand the concepts, which help out for the quizzes. Attendance is quite important (10% + pop quizzes) in his class as he makes everyone sign the sheet before class and if he remembers your name. It also benefits because 10% is class participation so try to voice out as much as you can and 10% is yours.This was my first marketing class in UST. Class was fun, materials were insightful and we had fun cases, group projects and presentation.One of my most favorite Professor. He made the classes fun, engaging and memorable, with insightful case studies, and was very helpful to students questions.Marketing major has competitive grading. Make sure to aim above 90% for your quizzes or as high as possible! Everyone could get good grade, and with this curve grading, even though you have good score for exams, quizzes and projects, it is easy to fall behind. Participation helps too! Do your very best and enjoy the class! :)As usual of Marketing courses, heavy workload. Case studies, discussions, projects, presentation and quiz. Come prepared for class! Regardless of the heavy workload, personally I had fun and learnt a lot.Varies, depending on the prof. Prof. Dalton used the books a lot, which I didn't like, to be frank. Although, overall the content is okay.Didn't like Prof. Dalton too much. Very theoretical, and to do well in the quizzes, going through the books is needed.If you mess up anything, chances are that your grades will reflect that rather heavily. There were three quizzes, consisting completely of multiple choice questions.Occasional assignments, both in-class and out-of-class. Hence, attendance is also quite important.Very interesting class. The content are easy, as long as you listen in class and do a little bit of reading at home you will understand everything.She's a nice teacher (that's my impression before the grade comes out). She is very willing to answer any questions you have about marketing. Be sure to know the material before class because she would point at you and ask you questions.it's got a book, some ppt notes (to supplement, not replace the book) and religious repetition of ppt (which probably hasn't and isn't going to be updated soon) during class. But of course, the videos are lovely and bring life to to class.Amazing enunciation (duh) and friendly to approach. But routine and conventional. No latest case study, no creativity and certainly no new material introduced.No final, only 3 MC Quizzes, take 2 for counting final grade.
A lot of team-work exercise, but interesting!Business ethics may sound boring to students, in fact, it is quite interesting since different cases push students to think more sbout historical and also modern ethical issues.Paul's teaching style is interesting.He does not mind to tell us his experience. Also, he uses different kinds of famous incidents and philosophical cases to deliver the appropriate business ethics, which makes it eaay to understand.consumer(buyers' behaviour)
4P (product price place promotion)
social responsibility and business ethicsnot that interesting
but he is still a nice professor
powerpoint slides teaching
no need to buy books as almost all the questions in the quiz
are covered in the powerpoint slides
need to pay attention on the lessons very much
since some of the questions in quiz are those videos shown
during the classes!!
i suggested you revising those videos before quiz otherwise
you may get low marks(below mean) easily as the sd of those quize is very narrow!!he only have some notes for every character, no ppt.
ONE character, two pages notes.It is very bad, he will just say what he wanna say, leave early everytime, with no email reply with his students. I worked hard for every quizzes and mid-term, but i get below mean eventually. Maybe he keeps on taking advantage of my carelessness.Content is basically about how to use the program SPSS and basic statistics for calculation. This is very useful as you can do number crunching yourself in the future with the software.Bernard is a very kind teacher and answers many concerns by students. he is also a very flexible teacher and provides breaks when students are tired.Very structured course. Useful and practical. Required course for marketing major which teaches you the whole process of a marketing research. Learnt a lot from the course.Ralf is a very nice professor. Clear and organized lessons and lecture notes. A bit intense during lessons though as he asks you question at any time. He is also quite strict in grading but always gives you useful advice.Learning about the basics of Marketing Research and carrying out some by ourselves is fun and enriching.Prof is very good and keeps us engaged throughout all lessons. Always asking questions to make the classes more interactive.Grading is fair, if you put in enough effort and use the knowledge you learnt in class for the project, and study for your quizzes, it should be no problem.Workload is relatively heavy due to the group project, but overall the project is interesting to work on so it is kind of worth it.Generally quite simple. Include some statistical knowledge.
The formulas will not be tested in quizzes, only the concept will be tested.Lin Song is nice. However, the lecture is quite boring. He normally just repeats the content in the powerpoint.
He always ask some simple questions in the beginning of the lesson to recap what's taught last lesson, it is a good chance to gain participation.This course teaches the whole process of conducting a marketing research, namely:
i.problem identification
ii.research design
iii.data collection design
iv.sampling design
v.data analysis and solution generation
Also, we are required to design and implement a research project which focuses on an existing company.
The course content itself requires some mathematics and a strong analytical mind (kinda different from other marketing course). Professor will also teach you how to use the software SPSS for data analysis, which is quite useful but troublesome.OKAY. BERNARD SUCKS.
He simply read out the powerpoint slides in class. When students raised questions, his answers didn't hit the core problem. Sometimes I even suspect that he himself doesn't know the answer as well. Moreover, he isn't familiar with his own syllabus, which surprised me a lot. I once asked him about proposal guidelines as it is not clearly stated in his documents. He told me not to care that much because the proposal does not count marks. In fact, the proposal counts 10%! Worst marketing professor ever.The Content is about using some advanced statistical method and calculation (the concept from ISOM2500) to conduct some Research to analyze the data.Is mostly related to what they teach in ISOM 2500. Not much technical materials included. Mostly is about how to use different systems like SPSS, Qualtrics etc.There is a total of two tutorials, but it is all about the usage about SPSS which will not be tested. Therefore the tutorial is not a must to attend.First half of the course was considerably straight-forward and the content was clear and easy to understand. However, the second part of the course presented to be much more challenging with a lot of data and software working.Joseph is an enjoyable professor and always makes the classroom relaxed and light-hearted.First half of the course content is quite easy as there is none of math. However the second would be a little bit difficult which includes some math and software.Joseph is lazy and working slowly. When he was teaching the software, he just asked us to play around!! But there is nothing to play. no one knows what going on and keep asking neighbour.\
He even didn;t provide a correct way to find the answer.Ralf explains every details of market research clearly. You must pay attention during the lessons to take notes as many questions in quiz are not covered in the PPT given. He will also ask about the content in talks in his quiz. Project is very important!You must pay attention in his class. And dont be late as he will ask you questions.Extremely boring content. If you do not like statistics, you are not going to enjoy the content in this class.Prof. Salvacruz is an okay teacher for 3220. He explains things well, but skips through the content extremely quickly and does not really give examples for us to do in class so we can follow along.Rules and principles about marketing research as well as its methods. The content itself is really abstract and easy in the beginning but it gets more mathematical (Statistics) toward the end of the semester.
Mostly, the content is more straightforward than ones in other marketing courses.
The content really realistic and practical.
For more preparation and understanding, I highly recommend reading the textbook. If you read according chapters before every class, the content should not be that overwhelming.Professor Ralf is always well prepared for his class contents and questions from students. He seems to know the most effective way to teach the content of the class. I really enjoyed listening to his lecture because his slides were well organized and clear to understand.
His in class activity at the end of each class helped a lot to understand the content taught that day.The first quiz is quite easy but the latter part starts to be more statistical. For his quizzes, you will see multiple choices but also short questions so you better get very familiar with what he says in class.He always asks questions and expects students answer him in class. If you are late, he may ask you to answer his questions.This course generally teaches the whole cycle of marketing research. From problem formulation, research method to writing a report, which I thought quite comprehensive. It is a fundamental concept for marketing students to understand how to conduct a marketing research in order to understand consumer behavior.
After mid-term, there is statistical content which I found quite confusing for some of students. Students with less understanding in statistics must pay more effort in this part.Prof. Song is a nice teacher, he allows interactive atmosphere in the classroom, which make teaching the statistical part less boring. Two in-class project consultation are conducted, so students can ask about the details of their marketing research project, which I found quite helpful.

One point to make is the release of grade is quite slow, for the first quiz, it takes nearly two weeks to have the result.The main content of the course is about the five stages of conducting a marketing research. They are easy to understand but I think only the content taught in lessons may not be sufficient to deal with the problems you would encounter in conducting your own marketing research.
Other than lectures, there is also 2-3 tutorials and guest lectures which doesn't take attendance.He has typical Asian/ Chinese accent of English but is easy to understand. Through he has only started teaching in HKUST few years ago, he go through the lessons nice and slow yet might be a bit boring and sleepy sometimes.
His notes are neat so you have to jot notes in order to remember how to come up with them.
Also, he welcome questions after class and kindly answer them all even for very long time.You can get basic knowledge about marketing research such as how to create an appropriate survey.Ralf is an enthusiastic professor. He explains the concept clearly and answers students' questions patiently.Quizzes (200 points)
Group project:
Reports (190 points)
Presentation (60 points)
In class participation (40 points)
Marketing experiment (10 points)
Usually the difference in quizzes is small. So group project plays an important role in the grading.Workload is quite heavy as you need to complete a marketing research.
There are 3 reports you need to submit.
Basically you have one month to finish each report.
1. Research proposal
2. Exploratory research
3. Final report
Remarks: Only Final report will be counted in final grading.The method of marketing research will be taught. which is very useful for marketing project. More technical things like SPSS will be taught as well to analysis the data you collected. Attendance would be taken by IPRS.Teaching is just simply read out the slides and give out some examples. Lesson usually end early and there is only one lecture per week. Only two tutorials throughout the course and you must attend. Bernard is a friendly professor and he can remember most of the students' name.Tools and procedures about market research. Some stats and calculation methods and some advanced techniques.

Best 2/3 quizzes 40%
Participation 8% (answer questions and get cards)
Marketing Experiment 2%
Group project presentation 0%
Final report 40%Interactive, will ask you questions in class but very simple and straight forward. Should have no problem to answer the questions if you attended the previous lecture and looked at the powerpoint. Open to your opinions and will adjust accordingly. Easy going and answer your questions quickly no matter email or in person.It's generally about how to do a marketing research. The content is quite useful and straight-forward.The professor is always well-prepared. However, you need to jot notes during classes.Quite good. All my quizs are higher then the mean by 1 SD/ 2SD and I got a B+. But I expected a better grading.Workload is heavy as you need to do a Marketing research project throughout the whole semester and it is quite difficult. Also, there are totally 2 quizzes and 1 final exam which are non cumulative.The content is not hard to understanding as each lesson only covers very little content. Only some test in the analysis part may require more attention.Prof Song Lin is very nice. Compare to Ralf it seems his class has less workload. His powerpoint is also very neat and tidy. If you listen to his examples in class you can understand the concepts easily.Well explained of the accounting concept for those students that do not have experience on accounting.Quite interactive, and proactive to ask and answer questionsNothing special to mention about grading, I think it is fair and if you attend most of the classes, it won't be bad. I only have fair knowledge of accounting (by working with ERP implementation projects), every week spend half to 1 hour to read the text and review the notes, that is enough for me. If you aim more, you can do all the exercises at the end of each chapterSeems like a lot of workload, but as mentioned above in grading, spend some time every week to review, it is actually not that heavy workload because this course does not have any homework.SMBT teaches you how to find your own way in the new university life. They tell you the current situation you are facing and introduce many senior students to share experience with us.The teaching method is very good. Although in one session there are many people in the lecture theatre, but everyone is attracted.Basically, it is compulsory! So you dont really need to bother the content of it.

You need to attend the first two compulsory lectures in LT-A,( which means it is one of the largest lectures you attended in HKUST). So in the lectures, they covered some cliché, like how you could adapt to the university life (it doesnt really helps), and how is the structures of university curriculum.

It is quite fun to start my university life off with these two lectures anyway.I don't really think people will really consider the teaching of this course. People were chatting or playing at that time. It doesn't really mattter if you ignored the professor, it does no harm.This course is a compulsory course which every student of the business school needs to take this course. This course helps you to adopt your university life more easily, and there are some interesting sharing from senior students.This course uses powerpoint to teach and it is easy to follow. It also has some short videos which are quite interesting. You will feel the atmosphere is really relaxing.Throughout this course you will learn how to adapt yourself in the university life, adding to it are the many practical tips shared by the seniors.Interactive, organized and warming. Students with difficulty in comprehension are naturally taken cared.a P/F hierarchy. Though, the requirement for passing is easy to achieve. To put it bluntly, as long as you did not fail to attend the course, you pass.Light workload and simple classwork compared to the rigorous academic courses. Should be dealt very easily as long as you are mentally in-form.The format seems easy to understand. Syllabus is okay easy to handle. Assignments pretty light. Projects too. Attendance quite strict though. The activities included cohort inductions, runs, and other team-building events. No pressure in studying.Easy to learn. Just have to attend a few talks to pass this course. Also have to attend meetings by your academic advisor. I would say this course is pretty easy to pass.This course is an introduction to the business school of UST. There are some sharings from senior students. Talks about the requirements to graduate.

This course is required for all business students.Interesting teaching by cohort leaders and professors. Very interactive.SMBT teaches you how to find your own way in the new university life. They tell you the current situation you are facing and introduce many senior students to share experience with us.The teaching method is very good. Although in one session there are many people in the lecture theatre, but everyone is attracted.It's just an introduction about the business school. No pressure at all when attending the class, and there is no any exam and quiz in the course.The teaching is good, helping students to have a general idea of the business school, as well as get used to the university life.You're only given a pass or fail in the course without grading. That's easy to pass if you did all the things required.Only takes little time to finish the specified tasks. The workload is not too much for anyone.This course is mandatory for all business school students. Senior students and counselors will help you with your university life by offering advices and sharing their experiences. You can ask for help from them when you are in need.Students are divided into groups. They can easily understand the topic and things about business school.helpful introduction for new business school's students,help
to understand business school's things,what you have to do, what you can try to do etc.easy to understand,A large group of student can focus to the topic and no difficulties to understand at allthere are no any difficulties,as there are no grading.Just help you  adapt a new area.And need not to spend time for getting a good gradeeasy and no workload,just spend a few time to finish the courseGo to the Introductory Lecture (they use student ID for attendance taking) in the first week, the instructor would tell you how to pass this course (by doing several easy requirements).

Just do all of them and you will pass it.  Focus on your real academicsDoes not even need teaching.  This is just to introduce you to the HKUST Business School, that's all.Students will be divided into 10 cohorts. They will be participating in a series of planned activities throughout the year, aiming to help them build bonds and simultaneously identity personal academic interest, examine educational goals, and develop plans to meet objectives through academic advising and other personal development workshops and programs. The activities included cohort inductions, runs, and other team-building events. No pressure in studying.Cohort leaders and the professors are very nice and helpful.This is a required course for sbm students. It informs students of their pathway and talks about the requirements for graduation. The attendance required is 100%. It would be useful for all sbm students to understand the things they need to do in order to graduate.The pre-major councilor is very friendly. The pre-major councilor will accompany you for three semesters. He/she will tell you all the academic-related information to you. So remember the person in order to get more information when needed.The talks are mainly about helping freshmen to get into their U-life.
Learn from other Senior form student's experience (videos).
Understand more about different student associations.
Discover more possibilities in HKUST.
Seek help from Pre Major Counsellor.The talks are presented in an interesting way. The lecturer presents with great passion and there is good interaction between lecturer and students.This course is the introductory course mandatory for all students enrolled in the School of Business and Management. By listening to different talks about going on exchange, major selection etc, you can get to know more about the school you are enrolled in and the things that the school offers.The talks are interactive and interesting.The content is good. Great induction to School of Business and Management. The content is interactive, thought-provoking and help us reflect and discover personal interests. No pressure at all in studying. The professor encouraged us to enjoy and to learn for pleasure, but not pressure.The teaching is good. The professor did not push us but encourage us continuously. The teaching staff are kindInductionGoodN/AN/A The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology (HKUST) is a public research university in Clear Water Bay Peninsula, Hong Kong. Established in 1991, it is the territory's youngest higher learning institution with no precursory existence.[2][note 1]

The university consists of four disciplinary schools, which offer degrees in business and management, engineering, science, and humanities and social science, alongside the Interdisciplinary Programs Office, which provides cross-disciplinary programs, and Fok Ying Tung Graduate School/Fok Ying Tung Research Institute, which promotes technology transfer and commercialisation.[3] HKUST has been continuously viewed as one of the top three higher education institutions in Hong Kong.[4There is a list of competitions you can check whether you are eligible to apply.Not a regular course at HKUST, you just need to win the case competition stated in the list.Pass/fail (1 credit), you will get the credit as long as you met the requirement as it is only a one credit course.Just have to submit a report attach with photos as evidence. Basically the report is all about your past reflection and describe your experience. It took around 2 weeks for the SBM office to approve my application.The course will introduce many contemporary issues from local to international which can promisely inspire you a lot. However, none of the course content will be tested, so you don't need to have any revision for this course.Mark is a professor full of life experiences. His English is clearly understandable( Mark is a Canadian) and the teaching is very interactive and he engages students to actively engage in the class. He is nice, kind and responsive to student's opinion and queries.Different topics related to ethics and its applications in business. The beginning lectures introduced different ethical principles, mainly western, but it all became applications in business from there. Personally I find this type of stuff pretty boring. Also, one has to form a group with other students to complete the Applied Ethics Service Project (AESP), which involves searching for a small business around the city to help improve its operations, but i don't think it's quite relevant to ethics. In fact, i think it helps build up one's soft skills.Mark is a great professor. Not only is his style of teaching impressive, he also has captivating presentation skills. He encourages students to express their thoughts to the class, in order to create an atmosphere of academic exchange within the class. I personally think this is a really good point about this course, but maybe it's because of participation taking up 30% of the whole course weighting.Content is fair. Some of the contents are thought-provoking and suitable for business students. Corruption, branding, CSR are all what business students need to learn.

However, the design of the course is quite bad and fails to reflect students' performances accurately. The instructors try to make the grading more objectively but usually they fail to do so.

Some past students told me that Mark is always proud of HKUST as the pioneers among universities in Hong Kong for having Business Ethics Courses (and as business core requirements -_-)Mark is an experienced professor and business person. He has also worked as the school principal in an International School in Hong Kong (which means he knows how to manage students skilfully). He speaks fluently, confidently in class and brings the boring content some refreshing moments!It contains mainly two parts: ethical issues and projects. Honestly speaking, the professor's teaching about issues is quite boring and doll. But it's useful!!! It's a quiet important part when analysing your project. As for the project, it's kind of challenging but I did gain a lot. It's a very good chance to interact with local people and hk society, especially for nonlocal students.I was not attracted by classes so much. But you do need to participant!!! It counts for your grade.
I didn't talk too much with Prof Mary cuz' she looks kind of serious. TA Barry is very nice and most importantly, he's very handsome!I liked that we had to work on a real project with a real business. Enjoyed presenting to the business owners.Professor was teaching interesting things and updated us on news. I learn a lot in class, and even if I didn't follow some of the news, this class challenged me to do so.Sometimes I felt that grading is based mainly on contribution to the class rather than on projects and individual assignments. I feel that our project was very good and I worked so hard on the individual assignment but still got average grades...It depends on the project you do. If you pick a really challenging project, you will have more workload than in classes with 3 credits.You'll be introduced to a lot on contemporary issues regarding ethics ranging from Kantian ethics to utilitarianism etc. There's a lot of case studies with regards to fraud or unethical behaviors in the business world both in the past and present. Relatively up to date in terms of everyday news etc.When you go to Mary's first class, you'll realise that she says certain key phrases a lot. I won't ruin it for you, but go and see for yourself :)
She teaches in a very diplomatic manner, she'll constantly ask for your opinions and will adjust her teaching accordingly to your preferences. She is overall a good teacher but sometimes she'll go a little off tangent, just gently nudge her back on track.
She's very open to questions and participation, so don't hesitate to ask her anything that you may have doubts on.about some marketing and psy aspect. CSRMany students said that SBMT2010 is a waste of time.  but i found that the course materials are quite interesting. They are thought-provoking.A-
Grades are not similar when you are in the same group. the range can be from C to A in a group only.Light. All about is a project which is going to help a small business in the Hong Kong. Groupmates are really important in this course. The project needs to talk about CSR or something related to ethnics,

Presentation is only a simple stuff, not a big deal.The content of the course is satisfactory. Professor used some real case scenario to explain ethical issue. She encourage the class to express their own opinion and she emphasise that this course doesn't have any right or wrong answer as long as we explain our rationale, and it helps training our critical thinking skills.

Year 1 student should be able to manage this course, with no so difficult content to be assessed, though I believe that it is useful for business students.Professor Ho taught the class in a professional manner and used her own experience to educate us. She also made effort to use hot issue on the news to illustrate all the content of the course.Very interesting lesson on ethics, watch a lot of youtube videos and listen to stories, study past examples. Have to do a group project related to business/ethics,great, he is funny
this is my fav lesson in ustattendance and participation counted
he will ask a number of questions per lesson and the TA will mark down ur name if u ask or  answer a question
group project occupies much
carried by great groumaptes and late hand in assignment twice and hea do finally got Bbasically light
just 2 essays and 1 project
project requires group meetingI think the content was pretty easy to follow and interesting as well.The professor was good with his teaching and likes class participation. He enjoys having discussions a lot and likes the idea of sharing ideas.grading was pretty good. the more you participate and talk during class and also on the online discussion, it was a good class to have a good grade. the final project influences your overall grade the mostthe workload is really light. the only thing that you really need to work on is the online discussion and also a short essay as well as the group project and presentationThe content of this course is all about business ethics. Prof will talk about ethical issues and bring up discussion.Mark creates a fun and interactive learning environment. He likes students who actively participant in class and he responds to every answer/opinion.Quite easy to get B range as long as you participate in class and show your commitment in group project. Personally I think class participation really affects your grade.As a 2cred course I would say the workload is quite heavy. There are one ethical analysis, one group project (find a business and help them in relation to ethical issues), progress reports.This course is talking about business ethics like cooperating business responsibilities. I think it seems a bit boring since the content is something we normally know.Teaching style is fair but improvements can be made,  Class is quite relax as well.  All you have to do is to answer some simple questions. If you have active participation, you are able to get a higher bonus mark. The TA will help mark down how many questions you have answered for each lesson.Content is not complex at all. Fairly common sense. Little theory behind the ethics involved, but you have to know these theories very well and constantly relate to them.

The TA often hands out paper hand-outs of readingsClass is fairly relaxed. Teaching style is adequate, but not the best. Normally, this is dictated by the material, which as already mentioned, isn't all that interesting. Sometimes though, we discuss interesting topics like business scandals and the class gets into heated debates (which is great to use to your advantage to score participation points).Discuss dilemma in real life and company.
Weekly "teaching" session,in which each student will do one time of sharing opinion of the case given.
Mini debate either per group or per individual about the controversy given.The class starts with 7students doing stand and deliver.Each week Mark will comment on the on-going online discussion,progress of AESP project,give weekly tips,and continue with each week topic,followed by teaching session,and sometimes added by mini-debate.
Helpful Lecturer and Teaching AssistantMostly about dilemma, CSR.
Better read the BBC website before writing your personal reflection
mark LOVE this
No need to remember everythingLove his teaching style, especially "tip of the week"
Sometimes he shares his personal experience which is  inspirationalQuite boring class to me.
Don't expect to learn much.
It will give you some idea of CSR though.I think it depends on professor. Teaching session and mini debates are quite interesting :PDon't be serious about what Mark told you about the final presentation. If you wanna get good grade, be the only presenter of the group. Prepare your presentation, make a good one. DO NOT put too many words in your "powerpoint" slide.

If you are active in-class, you will surely get an Amedium workload.
Just a project, an essay (the ethical analysis) and a presentation.About ethics, in other words, it is about nothing. This course is just something for you to express your point of view on business ethics, you can't get something solid from the course.

Required course for business students, better to take it in Fall.Mark is a talented business person, he had his own company, has been a consultant in various places. Not much fun in most of the time, but he knows some simple Cantonese, you may laugh at that time.

He always praise students, and encourgaing them to speak. Always mentioning some phrases (please remember them and use it in works)
When he is happy, you will be very happy also :)

Tutorial: only 2 tutorials sessions for each group, you will meet Samson, he is helpful and funny, you will be guided on how to finish the assignment. He is cute, and wanna be friends with students, a good TA with no doubtThis course will cover some issues about business ethics and responsibilities. Students need to have active participation to response with the issue told by the instructor. There will be a 1-minute sharing section, students have to prepare some current issues and discuss in the class.His English is very understandable but he speaks slowly and it is a little bit boring. He is very nice and responsive to the ideas shared by the students, some of the responses are inspiring.In fact the content is quite meaningful but not really relevant to business ethics, e.g. somethings about the companies' ways to operate is mentioned, the relationships of companies or other things. Some daily tips about studying or sleeping may be mentioned too.( hahaha
To some people it may seems to be quite boring as there is no exam and in fact nothings mentioned can be used in the project...In my opinions, quite interesting teaching including discussions, videos, IPRS, debating between groups.Content is interesting enough, however a lot of it seems like common sense. The class power points are very in-depth, and are there are also quite a few reading materials distributed within class. However, a lot of the concepts are quite simple to understand, and parts of the course are rather similar to the Theory of Knowledge course in IB.Relatively engaging teaching, however the course content is not always that interesting and it may be quite dull at some points in the course. The professor does give plenty of opportunities for participation and discussion, and is also very helpful if you approach her with any questions regarding the course content or project.This course talks about business ethics but they are only something that is useless. Since there is no examination on the material taught in class, only a few students listen to what Mark says and the other students just do their own things.The lecture is very boring. In every lecture, the things to do are almost the same. First, he will invite about 7 students to give a 1 to 2 minute short talk about current affairs. Then, he will start the talking the main topic. Afterwards, we will have a short discussion with classmate. Then, we will watch a video, answering a few PRS questions. At last, we will sit into a group and have a teaching session.Not very solid content.
Mainly about common sense and some concepts and models for business ethics.
Discussion about some related social problems.
Group project, essays and participation are graded.Good professor. Very nice and humorous. Might be strict in some sense.Ethical issues regarding businesses, such as corruption, food safety, child labour. Nothing particularly special.Veronique is an easy professor, jokes quite often. She also likes to guide students to think. But anyway, SBMT 2010 is your showtime (AESP, presentations, and lesson discussions), so her teaching is unimportant.this course is about teaching business students about some business ethics like corruption and marketing stragegy and so on.Mark's teaching is quite good and lively, he gives plenty of time for students to hv interaction and learn from each other.The grading is quite good especially for those students who are active in class, like always answer the questions and lead the group. Moreover, students who hv participated in the group presentation might hv a higher grade.the workload is quite light, but it depends on your groupmates also. for individual work, there are only 2 personal reflection and online forum. For group work, there is a project about business ethics or helping the society.Whole course is about doing project and project....Class content is not really important because there is no midterms or exams. Mark (professor) hates people chatting and playing on their phones. He may call you out to answer questions or share your jokes if he sees you chatting a lot.Required Course for all SBM students. Although no assignments but then you need to prepare for presentations. One job interview, one individual presentation (6 min) and one group presentation. Group presentation similar to LABU2052, a case study.LANG course depends largely on instructor as different one got different teaching styles. Need to choose one suitable for you but definitely not this one for me.briefly talks about cooperate strategy mostly common sense but explain through a lot of jargon to make it looks professional and systematic lol . Also teaches about how to case analysis with different tools ------- mostly already learnt in Yr1 or Yr2 but apply it deeply .Usually consist of two main parts:  teaching and case.
Teaching usually using notes(given), fully packed with text and graphs.

I think case study is quite useful especially Prof is a ex-McKinsey, teach you how to think logically.A lot of frameworks being introduced in this course and they can be useful during your interview group discussion. Some words being used in the ppt are very difficult to me and made it hard to understand so I have to look up from the dictionary a lot.
A case study pack will be given to students and there will be case discussion in class throughout the semester. the cases are around 10-20 pages long. You will have to read the cases beforehand in order to answer the PRS questions and participate in class.The professor gave a lot of examples in class as he has worked in McKinsey before and knows a lot of things. But then other times he was basically reading powerpoint slides and his accent sometimes makes it hard to listen to what he is talking about.
Also during case discussion, he would jot down the points on papers and uses a projector to show us. But with his messy handwriting, it was difficult to read.The content is a bit theoretical and can't really apply them to real life situation. However, they are very easy to understand and don't need much time to study.He is a very helpful and friendly professor. However, due to the content constraint, sometimes the lessons maybe a bit boring but overall he is a good professor.The grading is very good. As long as you pay attention to class, answer professor's questions, study the powerpoints before finals, have a normal performance in group project, your grade is secured.The workload is low. Don't have much pressure during lessons. Just need to do some case readings beforehand.Rubbish content, all blow water that I could hardly remember anything after I finished exam...let alone now!

But I should still say some words right? It included M&A, internal and external transactions costs and synergy......Laissez-faire Korean who created a relaxing learning atmosphere
He counted participated points as well, and it suited my needs so much as I liked to answered questions :)PESTEL forces, VRIO framework, SWOT analysis, and case analysis for most of the courses. Really helps students to be able to analyze firms' strategies and current performances based on systematic framework. Helpful and practical course.I could easily tell that he is really passionate for this course and has lots of knowledge/examples to share with his students. He answers questions really patiently.
His teaching style is little boring though. He just reads his slides and talks about cases without much visual/in-class activities.Content for this course is alright. Mostly just introducing frameworks for internal and external analysis for companies. It can get a bit dry at times especially since there are a lot of frameworks, but once you get the gist of it you'll be fine. The course focuses on the application of frameworks and you'll have to apply these frameworks for your group project and in-class case studies.The prof is highly enthusiastic and loves to elaborate on real life examples for each framework. He might get boring at times, but it really depends on your own interest in the subject. He'll also encourage you to speak up in class and gives out participation cards for speaking up.This course gives you insight on how to externally and internally analyse companies and how they are internally structured. For external, It looks at PESTEL, Porters 5 Forces, SCP Analysis, Industry Dynamics and Competitiveness. For Internal, it looks at Core Competencies, RBV and the VRIO Framework. It moves on to mention the different Business Strategies within business units and Corporate Strategies across boundaries. Then finally it wraps up with Formal Structure, Informal Culture and Governance.I loved this professor. He may be a little difficult to understand at times due to his accent, but he is a very knowledgable guy and is very enthusiastic about his course. I think this is one of the reasons I liked this course a lot. He would skip in class, always have a big smile on his face and teach with a lot of passion. He is a very friendly and understanding guy who is always willing to help.Unit 1.1 Human Cognition and Human Rationality   
Unit 1.2 Sensation and Perception
Unit 1.3 Memory    
Unit 1.4 Attention
Unit 1.5 Emotion

Mid-term 1

Unit 2.1 Anchoring and Adjustment
Unit 2.2 Decoy Effect
Unit 2.3 Joint–Separate Preference Reversal
Unit 2.4 Overconfidence  
Unit 2.5 Hindsight Bias  
Unit 2.6 Confirmation Bias

Mid-term 2

Presentations (attendance is required)The professor speaks clearly and explains the concepts well. Handouts are provided. The class is interesting.The course content is quite interesting as it describes a lot of experiments and traps that people encounter when making every day decisions. It feels like a psychology course instead of a management course to be honest.Carmen's teaching is quite lively and she gives a lot of real-life examples of the concepts taught in class. She is also very willing to answer questions and give you advice on your assignment if you consult her.The course is divided into 4 modules:
A) Decision analysis
This part involves some calculations, not very difficult, but you have to understand the concepts.
B) Heuristics and Biases
C) Choices and preference
--> I think part B and C are very interesting and you can really learn some meaningful and inspiring things from the lectures.
D) Application (that's project presentations)
Listen to the other group's presentations and Carmen would prepare powerpoint for students to follow the presentations.

Plus, Carmen would prepare the powerpoint hard copies for us, so you don't have to print on your own :)I really enjoyed having Carmen's lessons, she often shared her personal experience when she was trying to explain some concepts, which made the concepts easy to understand and memorise. Also, she is a very friendly and funny professor, can always ask her if you have any questions!The content is about interesting mindsets and decision making concept, for example the mistakes and heuristics that people often made. I think generally it is similar to psychology and this course will explain a lot of psychological concepts and examples, experiments.Carmen is my girl god, she is smart, pretty, nice and friendly. She prepares a lot of things for the class, for example, she will provide the lecture notes for every class and always give us little snacks to encourage us.Fun course and interesting topics on how we make decisions and biases that affect our decision making processes. The first section of the course involves simple probability and decision trees, the second section comprises of the various biases and heuristics, and the final sections is made of various topics taught by the students through group projects.The professor tries to make the topics as interesting as possible and succeeds in doing so. Class environment is relaxed, and the powerpoints make it very easy to follow what the professor is teaching.The course is quite suitable for you if you are interested in developing charisma and leadership skills.The professor has put in a lot of effort preparing for the coursesthe grade is fair if you are good at writing, you are not suggested to take this course if you are a year one student - as most of the students are in year three to year four, it is actually quite difficult for you guys to compete with them in terms of presentation and writing. Most of the year one students in the class got a C range. If you ask and answer questions in class, the professor will recognize you and there is high chance that you will get a better gradethe workload is quite high. basically you have to write a few passages per week and there's group activities. You have readings and other paper works to prepare before class, but the mid term takes a very little percentage of the whole grade, which is good for people who don't like memorizing things.Practical leadership theories which involves memorization in quizzes. The most useful ones are the real-life examples provided and their respective resolutions.Professor Levermore is very enthusiastic and passionate about getting his students involved. There are a lot of simulations and in-class discussions so that all students can have an opportunity to voice out their opinions in class.This course introduces students to the basics of leadership but includes lots of activities to develop various soft skills of students, such as in-class negotiation and various action learning exercises. The final task is scenario planning.This should have been the best course that I have taken t HKUST. Roger is a very capable, nice and wonderful instructor leading the class in in-class exercises and conducting various talks outside lecture time.This is a very good course. Content is fun. This is a very good course. Content is fun.The teaching methods are great. Easy to understand the professor.The teaching methods are great. Easy to understand the professor.The grading is easy. Definitely take it if you want an easy grade. The grading is easy. Definitely take it if you want an easy grade.The work load is minimal. The work load is minimal. If you do not want to work too hard this course is for you.The content was very obvious. Involved some theory of decision making, leadership, ethics etc. The class duration is a lot which can be taxing especially during lunchtime. But if you strive through it, it should be fine.Professor Levermore, is really nice, he tries to keep class as entertaining as possible. The activities are fun, and a lot of exchange students take this class.A course about the introduction to leadership. The course also includes activities that help you develop necessary skills. A lot of personality tests are given that help you understand yourself better. At the end, a scenario planning exercise is held in class that helps you understand the importance of leaders developing future plans for a company.Prof. LEVERMORE is one of the best professors I have had in UST. The lectures are conducted in a very professional manner. A lot of classroom interaction takes place that helps you know the other students better. Though it is a three hour class, you will never feel bored during class.allow me to look more into the realistic business world in terms of how to make proper and swift decisions. the tutor sometimes put realistic examples in discussions to allow us to think more clearly.a little bit boring and the lecture for 3 hours is a little bit long. the contents sometimes too vague for the students to understand .The course content isn't that helpful. Its mainly basic leadership information, with a few seminars. However, for people who are shy of public speaking, it can prove to be valuable as it involves high class discussion.The professor is extremely good and takes a lot of initiative in helping the students. He arranges a lot of drop in sessions to make sure students know what to do.DISCLAIMERS
• please do not take this course if English is not your first language, you will be disadvantaged. There are a lot of international and exchange students.
• There are a fuck ton of final year students in this course.

I'm a second year kid and I think I was fine. I think I know a lot more about my personality now. That is really something. I don't remember much from my other courses since I cram a day before the finals.

Lot of personality tests (too lazy to do them normally), however you have to reference them in the logs so I had to complete them.

Got to speak to 70% of the people in my class and made a lot of friends. No midterm no final. one 3 hour class where you just basically socialise.

10/10 would do again.Professor was good. He is chilled out, makes class relaxing.Quality lad who is always up for some banter after class.

Very clear english. Well structured class. Energetic. Can't ask for more.

Ace of a guy, marry him if I could.This course contains organizational behavior issues including individual level and group level. We didn't learn about organization level. It seems like behavioral psychology, analyzing people's behaviors according to our knowledge.Christy is an excellent teacher. She is willing to share her experience with you. She always uses some examples to help us understand better.A course to discover individual, group and organizational behaviors one by one in a business context.

Example:
how to motivate the colleagues?
what kind of management style should have been used in different cases?
what are the comsequences or merits of good group dynamics?
Generally speaking, it would based on a psychological approach to explore different kinds of behavior.A beautiful beautiful beautiful professor, sweet smile and boys wont skip class becaused of her (at least me)
There are some games and experiment to play in lecture time, and those are related to concepts covered in class, and the details of the game will be tested in midterm and final- Emotions and Moods
- Personality and Values
- Perception and Decision Making
- Motivation
- Communication
- Leadership and Power
- Conflict and Negotiation
etc.

Somewhere between psychology and businessI love Lucia so much!!!!! One of the best professors that I've met in UST. Perfect English and great teaching. Some sense of humor too.It covers 8 topics in 2 categories: individual (emotions and moods etc.) and organisation levels (communication etc.). Quite a few psychological concepts.I enjoyed Lucia's teaching as she tried to make the class somewhat more interactive and engaging by referencing real life incidences to the topics in question.Mid term MC only 20%
Final exam Essay only 30%
Team project 30%
Class participation (IPRS + answering prof's questions etc..) 14%
Research participation 6%
Total=100%

I got a B+.
I think as long as you take the course and the projects seriously, it should be fine.1 MC mid term
1 essay final exam
1 team project (progress report, final report (50%) & presentation (50%) on applying the OB concepts to a chosen movie- first come first serve)Good and interesting content. You will definitely understand if you attend classes or read textbook yourself. She likes quoting different examples to explain the theories or concepts behind which is clear and will make it easier to understand.She is a very passionate teacher who loves students responding and involving during class. Clear and nice teaching. Iprs required for 10 classes.The content is boring in general but it is a required course for BBA student. Included in this course, there was a library section which taught about skills on citations. I think this section is the most useful lesson within the whole semester but personally speaking, the library workshop was VERY tedious.The teaching style is fair. She emphasized on interacting with students and she loved students who interacted with her. Most of the time reading phases from powerpoint but she did make some funny jokes sometimes.The course content is closely related to daily life.
This course covers a wide variety of OB topics such as perception and decision making, motivation, team dynamics, leadership, and power and influence.Christy is the best teacher ever! She is outgoing and very helpful. She is eager to teach by preparing excellent materials in class as well as organising a lot of interesting and engaging in-class activities, which creates memorable and helpful understanding of OB concepts.Very interesting and 100% applicable to daily life.

She will move on to a new chapter every week, chapters in this course includes:
1. Emotions and moods
2. Personality and values
3. Perceptions and decision making
4. Motivation
5. Communication
6. Leadership
7. Conflict and negotiation
8. Team behaviour

While this course will not turn you into OB expert right away, it should lay a good foundation to help you become more effective and satisfied organizational members.Her way of teaching makes the course thought provoking and fun! She encourages students to participate (but doesn't base final grade on class participation) by rewarding us with candies! She is so kind and warm and loving.

She gives very concrete real life examples while explaining about concepts and encourages team discussion so we can really grasp what she is talking about. Also, her PPT is very simple and easy to read with very little text, so reviewing for exams are not that hard. In addition, I feel like I already understand a lot just by listening in class.

The class itself does not only consist of listening to her talk on and on for 1 hour. Instead, she divide it between lectures, interactive exercises, videos, mini case analysis, and discussions. You will never get bored.

We also get to do a lot of personality tests and its always fun to know more about yourself, especially with Lucia to explain what each of the personality means and its strengths and weaknesses etc.

Always finishes class 10-15 minutes early after taking attendance by IPRS. She will stay in class for students who want to ask her questions. Very helpful and genuinely wants her students to understand and have fun learning.

Best professor in UST!The contents focus on investigating the psychological and behavioural aspects of human being. Topics are interesting, for example leadership, decision making errors, emotions and moods, personalty etc. They are kind of facts which do not require much understanding.Lucia is really a great professor. She cares about students, often send out candies as gift and motivates students a lot. Her voice is nice to hear and easy to catch up. You will not find her lesson boring as she will give lots of examples, play videos etc.This course is a very much related to psychology, behaviors, and organization. It's very fun and useful in real life. The content may include topics from personality, motivation, attitude, perception, decision making, communication, conflict, human resource management and so on.

and the text book info is down below:

Required materials
Required textbook: Robbins, Stephen P., & Judge, Timothy A. 2017. Organizational Behavior, 17th
edition (Global edition). Harlow, Essex, England: Pearson Education Limited. Limited copies are available for 2-hour loan from the Library Course Reserve (under MGMT2110).Professor Christy is one of the best professors in HKUST. She is awesome, funny, caring, nice and diligent. Most importantly, she explains knowledge in a very clear manner and give useful examples that would help us in real life. In classes, she brings in Jelly Bean, tricky brain twisters and a lot of experimental stuff to demonstrate the class material. It is very fun to take her class and I really enjoyed being in the class.The content is interesting and it is sometimes related to psychology. You don't need to memorize a lot of things but just to understand the concepts and try to adopt it into the workplace and group project examples.Christy's class is very interesting and she pays a lot of effort to make the students more interactive. Games, discussions, experiential learning will be held in classes to get everybody involved.It is an introductory course to organizational behavior
Study that investigates how individuals, groups, and organizational characteristics affect human behaviors and organizational effectiveness.
Topic:
Personality and values
Perception and Learning
Emotion and Job Attitudes
Motivation
Individual decision making
Team dynamics
Communication
Conflict Management
Leadership, Power & Influenceprofessor is nice
she is willing to answer students' questions
lessons are interactive
included two experiential learning exerciseThis course is quite boring with lots of readings and theories to remember.Teaching is quite boring but many interesting group activities and discussion are prepared frequently. Also, professor and TA will answer all questions and make comments on project reviews seriously and completely, which allow me to get good results in group project.It is something about workplace, like motivation, emotions, communication, conflict and negotiation. You will learn many theories and concepts about them. And everything is just like common sense, but you have to explain it with the related theories that are learnt from lecturesShe is a very nice, thoughtful and easygoing person. She will interact with us by games and discussions, keeping the lectures not too boring. And she will tell you everything you need to know for the exams.quite interestingthe professor is quite kind and lectures are quite interactive
quite a lot of examples are given
there are 2 experimental learning lecture outside the classroom which will take attendance (she will email to remind you that she takes attendance in the next lesson)
powerpoint is quite clearThe content of this course exemplifies distinctive characteristics towards emotions, leadership, personalities, etc. The teaching materials are fun and easy to understand.Lucia's teaching is always captivating. Class engagement was high and we were enjoying it.This course is about Organizational Behavior. From my perspective, OB is somehow like common sense, but professor says it isn't. There are three levels of outcomes in OB, and they are individual level, group level and organizational level. This course mainly discusses about the individual level and group level. (Though contents might vary from sessions to sessions)

Contents:
1. First, it talks about What is OB?
2. In individual level of OB, it talks about Personality and Values, Emotion, Perception and Decision Making, and Motivation.
3. In group level of OB, it talks about Groups and Teams, Communication, and Leadership.
4. At last, it talks about Managing Globally.Carmen is always well prepared with the lecture. All the slides are well designed by herself, with interesting games, pictures, stories and videos. She will provide all the printed material for all students before the class, because she believe taking notes on the paper is much better than taking notes on the laptop. BTW, she will remember all your faces, do raise hands during the lectures!
However, she speaks a little bit fast, and there are some blanks on the lecture notes. You need to pay full attention in the lecture to take down what she says. (The exams will test the discussion in the lecture, you had better to take those notes down!)The content for this course is extremely easy and straightforward. Insanely easy for anyone to understand. Definitely some of the easiest course material I have had in university, however it is anything but interesting. The course gets boring extremely quickly because everything we're learning seems to be the same thing as applying logic.Riki is quite a nice guy. He loves talking (especially about himself and his research) and is generally quite chill. However, his lectures aren't that interesting or stimulating, especially since he is quite monotone in his speech. Also, he has a rather bad habit of forgetting to provide us with details for assignments. For example, he asked us to write an "introduction card" for our group project but gave no explanation as to what that's supposed to mean. Only on the due date when it was brought to his attention that he didn't explain the assignment did he clarify what he looked for (the due date was postponed). There were many similar instances. He often isn't clear.Organizational Behavior is about personality, leadership, and others. Some of the content is similar to a psychological course but in a more business wayProf is chatty, can communicate with both Cantonese and English. PPT in every lesson have fill-in-the-blank. Must attend each lesson in order to gain team participation.Interesting content where many relevant concepts are studied. It was my first time taking a MGMT course and after doing so, it made me want to choose it as a major.Profesor Farh is proactive and encourages in-class participation. He will also give you help when you need it.Good grades if you hand in your work in time and properly. The exams are not difficult if you study for it.The workload is quite heavy but it can be divided amongst your friends because a large part of the grade is based on the group project.The content itself was really interesting, and it also seemed very practical and applicable to real life. A lot of it is based on concepts from psychology and sociology, so it helps if you have a background in those subjects (you might be a little bit more familiar with the terms etc).Professor Farh is a really engaging professor who tries his very best to make sure his students understand the content and are coping well with the workload. He is always open to answering questions, and is very helpful. I approached him a few times with regards to the group project, and he was very helpful and even sent me some research journals related to the topic of our research paper. He is really kind and approachable, and is definitely one of the friendliest professors I've had.Alot of psychology and quite interesting material, but you still need to learn it book style and know all the correct terms. It's fun material in itself but learning all the proper terms can be draining.Larry tries to keep things interesting with in class activities and giving out papers for participation, so people are really active. He is a very nice professor who genuinely tries to help. He coached me through my entire group paper when my group decided to vanish into thin air.the content is rich, you can learn a lot inside the course although it is not much related to business content.the teaching is good, Professor is funny and will try to make the students to have more engagement in the class.Good grading. I didn't attend to all the lessons, and also didn't answer much of the professor questions. Yet, I still got a A-.light. Not much work.
There are lots of in class activities, and also have group project with light workload. The project is not difficult and can have fun with groupmates.The contents of the course were quite interesting. Professor Farh also included a lot of psychology elements into his teaching and lessons were more fun because of this.Professor Farh is a nice person and he is very open to questions. He would very oftenly include activities during class and they would make the classes more interactive and fun.People who loves psychology and social science will love this course much. This course talks about personality, values, power, communication, leadership...etc. All are about human thoughts and behaviour.She is really kind to her students and passionate in teaching. She encourages students to raise hands and is welcome to all opinion. Her questions in class are relatively easy with no model answer, or you can find them in lecture notes. My best lecturer in USTcontent is fun as it is about human behaviour which related to our daily life.quite interesting with some exercises to understand some of the theory.
melody is always energetic and provide good lecture notes which i do not need to read the textbookThe content is quite interesting. It is somewhat related to psychology. The course covers topics like attitude, decision-making, perception, motivations, conflicts, etc...The professor is very nice. She's very encouraging and she tried not to put much pressure on her students. I love how she shared her personal experiences related to the concept with us.The content of the course material was neither good nor bad. Some stuffs are really basic that you don't really need to study for it but some other stuffs are I guess professional knowledge. However, most of the contents covered in this course are psychology related (e.g. how you tend to think in your daily life etc.). Thus there was not really chance to learn about management which is quite awkward knowing that this course is about management anyways.The professor was really good in terms of his teaching skills. He prepares lots of examples to stimulate your understanding about a concept covered in his lecture. He also prepares lots of exercises in classes. If you are a kind of student who dislikes practice exercise to be graded, this is not a course for you. However, I really enjoyed most exercises in the course and the professor was really a pleasure to have.The content coverage is very comprehensive and he tests everything that he teaches in class + some textbook contents. Just read everything for the exams. Plus, for mid terms and finals, there will cheat sheet allowed so type as much as you can into the cheat sheet.Teaching is interesting and he asks many questions in class. He also brings guest lecturer into class. Lectures are not boring at all.I personally found most of the content to be very trivial and on the surface. Some content was important like how groups behaved and certain methods to prevent phenomenons like groupshift and groupthink - this could be applied straightaway in real life so there was some real application. However, I found the content itself to be very simple - use this to your advantage.Lucia was a very bouncy professor. She had a lot of energy and every lesson was entertaining. And for that sole reason, I actually enjoyed the class.Basically, organizational behavior is like business psychology, it tells you the rationale behind of how people make decisions and why would they make mistakes while making decisions. Five different ways to avoid conflicts based on different scenario, and others.Larry's class is, admittedly, not so interesting. And in most of the class, I feel sleepy, perhaps is because that his voice is too soft and usually speaks in low volume, and the combination between these two components make me feel sleepy lol. But he is very responsible since he will reply your questions regard to whether group project, presentation or about OB clearly. And you will get some tips for presentation and group project is you ask.Organizational Behavior

midterm 25%
final 25%
project report 10%
presentation 10%
progress report 5%
participation 14%
peer evaluation 5%
research studies 6%i attend lectures because there is participation

when you answer his question, he will ask follow up questions to make sure you give detailed explanation lol


ppt is not easy to read , it is word lengthy

its better to attend the lessons because the final exam will cover some of the class activities like desert survival activityThere are three levels in organization but in this course we will only study the first two parts - individual and group.

1) Personalities and Values
2) Attitudes and Job Satisfaction
3) Emotions and Moods
4) Motivations
5) Perception and Individual Decision Making
6) Team Dynamics
7) Communications
8) Conflicts and Negotiation

Actually there is "leadership and power" in our syllabus but we didn't manage to cover it.

In general the class is fun and the concepts are interesting. Get a textbook because lecture notes are insufficient for exam preparation.Prof. Chao is really enthusiastic and willing to listen to students' feedback. The vibe is quite strange for my class, classmates rarely talk or respond to the questions, probably due to morning schedule and everyone is sleepy lol.Course on Organizational Behavior:

Personality and values
Emotions and moods
Perception
Communication
Motivation
Leadership and power
Conflicts and negotiation
Group behaviours and workteams

A good course for you to understand yourself, and how individuals will affect an organization. You can really try to use the concepts learnt in daily lives. Great course for me.Lucia is a really good professor with advanced presentation skills, she is able to present all the materials clearly and interestingly, and engage all of the students in the lecture. She remembers all of her students' name and she can name you when you ask/answer questions. She cares about students a lot and will ask us questions like how do you feel or how can I make you feel better... She is also very kind and willing to answer your questions, both in the lecture and after the lecture.

In the lecture, she encourages us to speak and participate in class, so we had many inclass group discussion. It is really a relaxing but informative class.

If you can, choose her lecture, I think this will be a good choice for most students.The project ( analyse a movie with OB concepts) - take more time to deal with it
stay with good group members always :)))))
concepts introduced in class are relatively easy, especially if you have studied BAFS (management) beforelots of discussion in class, which will be tested in examsI came in to this class not expecting to like it, but it turns out I was wrong.

Course content is very realistic, and the professor will do his utmost best to prove that to you, using experiments, cases, etc.

The course is borderline intro to psych, and goes through aspects such as behavior, personality, value systems, group and individual decision making, team processes, leadership, communication, etc.Prof. Raja has been one of my best professors thus far in HKUST. He puts in real effort into all of his lectures, meticulously planning how to ensure maximum knowledge retention.

Structure of most classes is quite similar, in the sense that he begins with a PowerPoint and some theories, then goes on to show you a couple videos about the same / a case / group exercise, and then finishes it off with takeaways. His teaching is very structured.The content is relatively easier than other subjects, since some of the contents usually applied to real life. Also, the depth of content is not much needed.Her English is not bad to listen to, some Chinese accent but is ok. She encourages students to participate in class a lot.The grading of this course is ok. Midterms and finals are easy so the mean and median are quite high. The grading also contains group project, which separated into few parts: presentation, essay, progress review
mean = B+The workload is fine, considered as a business required course.I think it is not that useful, he teaches some theories of decision making in individual, team and group level.His class is relaxing, he uses good and real life examples to illustrate the theory.
There will be some group work sometimes.I don't think the grade is too good.
I got below mean in the mid-term, I think our project is fair, and finally I got a C+.
You have to get some participation cards in order to gain the participation mark.Not much workload.
Need little effort in the project when the deadline is approaching.management seems to be so vague and sometimes you don't really understand what you are studying. There are many concepts and models that try to complicate the whole thinking process. So better revise your note after lesson or ask Raja if you find some parts difficult to understand.Raja is very nice. He doesn't want you to send him email asking the same question as your classmates so better ask questions during lesson or after lesson. He will use some meaningful example in class in order to illustrate different management concepts and theories. There are plenty of cases to be discussed in class and all these cases are very important since all would be examined. Please remember to read all the cases again and try to get famailiar with them.I think it relates to psychology a lot and I enjoy the lesson very much. Especially for the experimental learning, it is interesting and it is highly recommended not be absent from it as midterm and final will ask about it!He has a heavy Japanese accent but if you listen more, you will find it ok. He always talks his experience or plays movie clips, which is not directly related to the lesson. But I find it quite interesting and gives me very deep impression.Professor's teaching is nice. Many discussion are included in the discussion. You need to get 4 yellow cards to earn full marks in participation.very good. our group is chosen as the best group presentation by the class. The final is essay and mc with cheatsheet provided. MC is quite difficult because it asks questions about lecture videos and other subjective questions. Essay is a piece of cake with cheatsheet.midterm final and a project (written and presentation)
presentation is quite interesting, you need to choose a movie and then apply concepts to explain how characters work as a team.Treat it as a business version of psychology. If you love psychology,  you will rock in this course. If you hate it, good luck!!Her teaching is generally fair. As she's a local professor, her English level was more competent than other UST professors. She's able to present the content in an interactive way, but sometimes it may be annoying as you need to do well in classes to get the 'participation' cards.Some topics: personalities, leadership, teamwork, decision-making, emotions, conflicts (esp handling style)
* Not in chronological orderHe does a lot of talking and referring to powerpoints that apparently weren't made by him(?). The best thing about his class, though, is that he gives a lot of chances for the class to participate, whether vocally (in class) or online. That facilitates learning a lot, especially as people have different perceptions of the same thing.

Sometimes, you will see his wife coning to class as a guest. (How sweet)

PS Sometimes he may not be able to comprehend your points - and hence he may end up distorting your meaning. (Happened to me a few times ,_, )Interesting but not useful
Easy content, common sense stuff
Feels like a psychology course / communication workshopShe is very devoted to teaching and tries to make the lectures interesting and interactive
For me it was a bit boring but I think it is the content's problem and not her teachingRelatively useful content and interesting enough. If you're interested in psychology or just understanding organizations better you would probably be interested in the content.Terrible teaching.
She tries to make it interactive but she uses ways to teach 5 year olds.It is a course about Organizational Behavior, which has hte following topics: Personality and values, Emotions and moods,
Perception, Communication, Motivation, Leadership and power, Conflicts and negotiation, Group behaviours and workteams

It is a course which the course material can be easily applied
in daily lives.She is a very nice person and always encourages students to interact in class. And she presents the ideas well with a lot of examples.
And students can feel free to ask her questions after lectures and she is willing to answer.This course will cover the following topics and they are straightforward.
Personality and values
Emotions and moods
Perception and decision Processes
Communication
The Basics of motivation
Leadership and power
Conflict and negotiationLucia is very nice. Discussion is included during the lecture. Lecture notes are provided before the lecture but a bit general. So it's better to read the reference book for better understanding.In this course, you can learn different tools to do CSR analysis (stakeholders analysis, ESG analysis). Different best practices in different industries were also provided during the class (e.g. retailing, IT, financial companies etc.)-Goodest professor
-No break between a 2.5 hours lecture
-100 pages of slides with a lot of words  for each lecture
-No timer is being used to count the presentation time so some grps can use 20 mins for presenting (time limit is 10 mins)
-No feedback and even no guidelines for assignmentConcepts are simple and easy to understand as they exist in real life.The prof is kind and eager to create a good atmosphere for learning by asking questions. He loves students sharing their personal story and apply it to course concept. One interesting spot is that you can always see him holding a coffee to the lectures.Content is relevant and down to earth. Not difficult but need to review the notes from time to time as there's quite a lot of slides.
The group project (around 6 per group) requires you to identify management problems,  offer solutions and most importantly to apply the concepts you have learnt in class. Very important to have good team mates!
take attendance every lesson
Active participation in class is needed (there is marks for that)He incorporate different real life examples into explaining management concepts and tries to engage students into classroom discussions. He is patient in listening to and responding to questions from students. However, his tone is quite boring which you may fall asleep easily if you don't participate in class. After all, he show sincerity and hard work in his teaching.Basic management theories that seem to have many applications. Interesting topics since psychology is also discussedParticipation is encouraged as it a very interactive course. Ask questions!The content is not necessarily the most interesting, but there is a weird way of grading. Some students find it is not completely fair because right answers are very subjective.Workload is similar to other business core classes. Some students struggled to finish while others did it in a couple of minutes. You can choose for yourself how much time to invest, but more time definitely means better grades because the teacher knows what to ask about.Different concepts of management are covered, e.g. management process, planning and strategy, organization structure, managerial leadership etc. The content is quite interesting as this somehow related to our daily lives.

Group project only requires the proposal and the presentation.Professor Wan is nice as he clearly explains the concepts by using different case studies. He will remember your name when you answer the questions he raised.

TA is willing to answer your questions and give you some opinion related to the group project.Very basic concepts and knowledge of management, i.e. different structures of a company, what are the motivations to work, what are the distraction when making a decision. The materials are easily understood, do not require any pre-knowledge of business, so you don't necessarily listen to the instructor, read notes by yourself is enough for mid term and exam.
Most of the student are from RMBI and exchanges, though I am from Engineering school and I still have no trouble in comprehending the course. Just be reminded that there is a case study group project. Better to be enrolled with friends, otherwise, you will be isolated and seems "freeride" because your group mates are likely to be professional in the business.Since my class is at 900am so most of the time I just slept in the class (Attendance-_-) You often need to discuss with your project group mates about the assigned questions but ya, I just slept anyway. You also need to hand in a card for the instructor for recognizing so he knows you have participated in class when answering his question.This course teaches basic management theories and models, including planning, controlling, organisational culture and decision making, etc.Professor teaches well. He raises quite a lot of questions to encourage us expressing our ideas and views. He will also use different examples to explain those theories so that we can understand them easily.The course is main an introduction to classical management elements. Including planning, organizing, leading and controlling. The content is easily understood and can be considerate as common sense. Especially for BAFS students, the content is really similar and as long as you have logical thinking you are done. Thought, a little revision is needed as to memorize concepts before the exams.The lecturers are PG students and they are really friendly and will answer every single question you ask.
Especially for non-business background students, you will be able to know every single concept during lessons, and can even ask after lecture.Great basic content about management. Manageable for everyone, especially great for those who had never touched into the field of management.Great teaching. The participation cards did their jobs as they count your attendance and participation in class, which both of them calculate into the final grade.

The teachers would use vivid examples, YouTube videos to explain concepts.The content is quite useful and interesting, learned about basic theories and ideas regarding management. Some aspects of sociology/psychology was also included.The professor teaches very well, tries to engage students and encourages participation. He is willing to answer any questions from students and tries his best to let students understand the course materials fully. The lecture patterns were similar (daily powerpoint presentations and notes given to students).Describes the principles of mgmt in 9 modules
Before midterm, it is abt each procedure of mgmt:
-planning
-controlling
-organising
-leading
After midterm, it focuses on the employer's charisma (and sometimes their interaction w/employees)

Very basic stuff, just memorise the concepts and elaborate. Since a lot of us should have approached mgmt (e.g. joining societies), it is not hard to understand them.Passionate prof. but since the content is basic, sometimes it's boring, so I guess he raises questions to attract our attention.The content are all from PPTs instructor provided. Pretty easy to understandProfessor Li is a quite nice professor. He is always ready to answer all the questions students have. He always activates the atmosphere of the classroom by asking students questions.
Despite the fact above, the class is a bit boring.The contents are really easy to understand and the defintions are on the PPTs so it's not neccessary to write down the notes, and the PPT slices are printed and you can get them every lesson.Li Qiang is a very passionate and nice teacher. he is always ready to answer your questions and if you have problem about the presentaions don't hesitate to get help.The content was really basic and I don't find anything that sparked my interest towards management.Alan is a really nice and flexible lecturer but I wouldn't say he is a good in teaching. When students answer questions for the sake of getting the participation cards, he will openly accept all their answers despite it being somehow ridiculous at times. Since there isn't right or wrong, I had a really vague understanding throughout this course.General knowledge regarding the basics of management. Analyses various companies' management skills and go in depth about the culture,environment,etc.Prof STAM Wouter is one of the best professor i've ever met. He has tons of examples in his slides and supplements his lectures well. He is also helpful and patient, willing to help any student who has problems with the lecture. His teaching style might sometimes be boring but he makes up for it by interacting with students on the spot.The lecture content is very appropriate as it provides all the introductory materials to management to those who have no background in the field. I personally enjoyed learning management concepts, which are always backed with real-life evidence.  The contents include:
Foundations and history of management
Managing the external environment
Organizational culture
Decision making
Planning and strategy
Organizational structure
Motivation
Leadership
and Controlling.

Each of these concepts are unique but interconnected so knowing one concept will allow you to easily use the concept to understand another. In addition, case studies are provided, and it must be learnt (and bought, due to copyright fees), as quizzes will be held on those topics.The professor's teaching content is great as the presentations are well prepared and useful when revising for exams. However, I recommend you to borrow the textbook from the library as it is needed if you want to score high on the exams. The professor also shows videos of real life situations of applied managerial techniques or flawed managerial techniques, which make the class more interesting. There is also a break during the lecture, which is very pleasing.Pretty interesting
The most important is to  understand the concepts
Two exams and one group presentationThere are two professors. Ms. Jennifer (Xin Wang) is the first professor. She gave us good examples and taught us well. The sevond professor, Mr. prasad Chandrashekar has a husky voice, we can hardly hear him. And his eyes are so red. When we ask him questions in the lesson,  sometimes he just skip it when he doesn't know how to answer it.Content of course is quite interesting. You have take-home cases which are pretty simple and one lesson every week would be negotiation practices. Those practices are straightforward and mostly for attendance only.Overall teaching is very good and the professor makes lectures very interesting.Each week starts with a simulated negotiation. Students are grouped randomly, so they will face a different opponent (usually a complete stranger) every time. It is the best time to apply what you have learned from the class, or to get really frustrated in the negotiation and be prepared to learn something new in the debrief session following the negotiation class. The negotiation techniques taught are somewhat common sense, but can come in handy when you are consciously using them against those who are not aware of how powerful these tools can be.Professor Stephen Nason is nice (if he is not making fun of you) and humorous. He explains the concepts clearly, and he has ways to make sure most people know what is going on. Students can hardly fall asleep in his class.The course is very useful. You will learn the technique of negotiation by negotiating under a topic each week. They are all based on real life cases. Then, we will review the negotiation process and learn how to do it better.The Professor is really great. He is funny and he shared a lot of experiences of his own. He is really enthusiastic and makes the class very lively.The content is all about negotiation and the skills. Each Tuesday you will have to nego with others, and will review the result in front of whole class on Thursday. You learn from your experience and jot your notes. His ppt is kind of trash, they are used for Prof Nason's teaching but not revision.His teaching is interesting!
But the professor sitting in the class i.e. Daniel to teach in the next sem is quite boring(he taught for one class)The class is likely one of the most important classes you'll ever take in university. Teaches you a lot about negotiating and business behavior.Professor Nason is highly interactive and well-versed in Negotations. The class is interactive and requires you to throw out all self-reservations about engaging in class discussion. It will be you against another classmate once a week. It is war.You can learn a lot from Stephen, as he is really good at negotiation. The negotiation skills, principles, some theories will be taught. In most of the lessons, he will distribute cases for you to read one week before, then you need to do negotiation with one or more classmates, and afterwards you need to fill in the result sheet, this sheet marks as your participation mark and your negotiation mark, sometimes if you get a great deal, then your negotiation mark will be high for this exercise.His teaching is funny and interesting, probably the most relaxing lesson in the semester, and he will share lots of interning stories with you. And most of the time will be put in the negotiation with classmates, and he will teach back the case and skills the lesson after.useful and practical content. talks about useful skill to be adopted in different types of negotiation (salary negotiation, cross-cultural negotiation, dispute, and so on)
The cases are really interesting and help you be involved in content because you actually have to fight for your side to get better results.I think he is the only professor that makes me get excited for my class. I always waited for Tuesdays and Thursdays just to hear him make fun of students with strange negotiation results. He also has many experiences and useful skills that he shares with students.
His lecturers make the time fly by and his slides are organized (but often really repetitive)The content was interesting and useful. I am sure I will apply some of the things, which I have learned, when negotiating in the future.Professor Nason was very engaging. His classes were never boring and his lectures were very straightforward.Grading wasn't harsh at all. If you do your readings you will be fine. Make sure you understand all the concepts before exams tough because some of the questions are tricky.You have to read a case before each lecture and prepare for the exams. There isn't too much work.This course focuses on the techniques for different types of negotiation, like disputes and salary negotiation. There is one negotiation exercise every week, in which you can build up your negotiation skills and apply what you have learned in the lessons.Professor Nason's teaching is lively and interactive! He always tells us some interesting stories when he is illustrating the negotiation techniques. He loves to interact with students and it definitely brings up the teaching atmosphere.This course gives you great information about different negotiation strategies in the business world. It includes many different strategies and different techniques in order to gain the upper hand in business deals. It also teaches you to create scenarios that benefit both parties and can be used in all different aspects of life. I fundamentally enjoyed the content as a majority of it was non-theoretical and very practical. There are a lot of in class negotiations which i feel really highlighted the concepts. This course offers an opportunity to really interact with peers in class which is something that i really found lacking in HKUST.Mr. Nason is one of the aspects that makes this course as incredible as it is. He was always very helpful and used different mediums of teaching which is perfect for both visual, practical and theoretical learners alike. He is a very open teacher and is more than happy to help out with concepts that may not be clear. He is a great teacher and has really made this course incredible.The content is very useful. It involves lots of real life examples and negotiation skills.The Professor is very friendly, knowledgeable and funny. Interactive learning and case studies are used. Active participation is encouraged. Do expect to speak a lot in class.The content is base on the book "The Mind and Heart of the Negotiator". Each week there will be two class, one for negotiation of a case with an assigned role and the other class for debriefing for the last negotiation. You will be able to have a lot of hands on experience on negotiating a lot of different things in many different format.Professor Nason has been teaching in UST for over 20 years, and he is excellent in story telling. The class is usually engaging and thought provoking.

He will also include lots of stories from his personal experience to illustrate the theories mentioned in class.This course is quite a fun one to take. On a weekly basis, you get a new case to then negotiate when coming back to class for an entire hour. The other class is spent discussing on the case and seeing how everyone could have done better.The professor for this course is a really great one. I was looking forward to that course every week.In this course, you learn about ethical concepts (utilitarianism, duty-based ethics, and so on) and many ethical issues in the world today.
The "real" assignments come at the very end of the course: you have to write a report (group project), and an essay.
Besides those, you have to write one post on the discussion board every week. This can be a lot of work if you have other things to do...Mark is a great lecturer. He is very interesting and nice. He has a wide perspective and knows a lot of things (really a lot). He tries to involve everyone in the class.An article will be assigned each week to be discussed during the following class. Each student would also required to give a brief discussion on current issues during classes.
Main assignment include the group project on applied ethics and the integrated test towards the end of the semester.Classes might be a bit long but the teaching is rather fun. It is discussion based and often requires some "deep sea questions".Introduction to some basic moral philosophy including Utilitarianism, Kantianism and Virtue Ethics. The lecture will be based on applying those ethical concepts to real-life business issues.

- Online discussion form and reading materials on a weekly basis.

-Group project (Progress report, Final Report and Presentation)Professor Mihorean speaks eloquently and engages us in class discussions.On various business issues and have a management project which occupies the majority of marks.Pretty interesting but he has a quiet voice but we cannot use phone and laptop in class.Get a pretty bad grade B in this course. Choose the right group is the key thing in this course since many of my groupmates got C plus with a bad score on a quiz. So do read all the tedious reading materials and score well can definitely boost 2 subgrades. Also be active during lessons and speak up can save your grade.quite a lot.Business Ethics
Some decision making skills
Use ethics and combine business case to teach.
Identity ethical dilemma in business and apply logical frameworks.Sometimes funny sometimes boring. I was excited to attend this lecture at first as I just thought all the lessons were going to do the project discussion only so i could take rest during the lesson. But afterwards, she started doing the teaching and it was quite boring as I really dunno what she was talking and ethics are always vague. but she did have some in-class exercises and discussions with us on lesson. Rmb to bring the name card on every lesson and answer questions actively. Or else she cannot recognise you and your class participation mark will be 0.

She took attendance every lecture. But you can skip some classes but if you skip too many classes, 5% of the grade will be deducted.Covers many interesting topics, such as trolleyology, peer pressure and decision makings, ethics in value chains, ethics of superheros and much more. His lecture powerpoints do not have much content (usually just photos), so make sure to attend classes to make sure you know what is being taught.

From what I heard, Paul's class is one of the most interesting among other professors, as he uses a lot of examples from comics and movies.Paul is extremely interesting. He uses Marvel superheros to bring out ethical concepts. He is also friendly and engaging and tries to remember his students' names. He also shares his personal experiences but makes sure he is on topic and does not go off-track. One lesson was used to play a movie related to business ethics. He also plays a lot of videos in class so make sure class content is interesting. He asks questions quite frequently and invites students to contribute their ideas. He never disagrees with what students say, and guides students to justify their opinions.Content is really boring since it's mostly case studies about business ethics.Although the content in itself is hardly worth taking a look at, the professor does an excellent job in teaching a subject that is inherently boring. He is very enthusiastic in introducing a topic and encourages people to speak out. One of the better professors who've taught me so far in my first year.This course covers some ethical theories, and basically you just need to understand them and apply it in the Integrated test at the end of the semester. Besides, there are several cases about firms' scandal, such as Well Fargo and Enron, which may also be asked in the test. One week before the test, Paul will upload the past paper and it's more or less the same.

Apart from that, the AESP project is very important!! Basically, your group need to find a shop and do something for it after knowing what is its needs. Your will be assigned in a group randomly, and your group will need to submit progress report, final report.

Online cafe is very important as well, and you should write on any topics or response to others' every week. As I remember, you need to write 10 times, which mean you can only miss 3 weeks.Paul is a very good professor, very helpful, very caring. Having conversation with him is very important and he will always ask questions as well. His teaching is very clear and is most likely discussion based but sometimes with video.Mainly talk about business ethics and there is a project needed to be done in a group of 7-9. Group mates are randomly chosen.  The lesson usually starts with discussion related to current issues followed by discussions based on an assigned reading and the cases shown in the powerpoint. Sometimes there are mini-debates.The time of discussion usually occupies half lesson so it won't be too bored. I quite like Mark's teaching style, he will share his personal experience and you can watch video, it is quite funny.In such introductory course, the content is easy.
Most of the material is just basic and common sense.Mark is harsh and aches for your attention, that sometimes you might feel pressured and annoyed. He does not allow cell phone use and believes in real and genuine face-to-face interaction. He is expressive in his teaching and gives a lot of personal experience to support his teaching, which is sometimes enjoyable to listen. However, in most of the times, it is not a pleasant experience.Teaching content is quite meaningful about our business society. You will know more business ethical issues and related people. Since it is one of the compulsory course, I think is fine.Mark is very nice and well responded. He loves listening to what students say. Even if your idea is not that related, he can still give you some opinion. He always makes fun on a lesson. Highly recommended tutor!
His teaching assistant will give you more opinion on the project.Exploring different aspects of ethics in business examples. It goes through different ethical terms through analysing past real life examples. Develops business analysis skills and a background on different business events. You will be led through how to identify and analyse different business issues and what should be considered when making business decisions. These skills will then be applied into the group project and a case analysis in the midterm.Paul has interesting and engaging classes, he will basically chat about the topics and ask for opinions from the class. Remember his examples and analysis formats in class for midterm.
Will remember names and participation and grade class participation. If he remembers your name then you should do well. He also encourages students to become friendly through chatting and asking him questions.
He does not read from slides and sometimes will talk about his own experiences. Slides are printed and handed out every lesson at start which is helpful for review in midterm.Business ethics, but the course is like a philosophy course. There are much stuff related to philosophy, with different real-life examples. personally I find them very interesting as I like thinking about these stuffI LOVE PAUL
he teaches so well, and he's a really nice gentleman who shares life stories with us, really love him
he is a humorous guy and he will recognise you as long as you answer questions!
he loves it when you raise your hand to answer his questions
he is very cute and he should be the best professor in Ust
despite the above, he's very professional and knowledgable (he teaches GBUS courses, so you can imagine)quite interesting
includes how we make decision and ethical principles and certain debatable behaviour in the market or business worldmary may seem to be very strict if you only judge by her appearance but actually she is very nice and lenient. she speaks fluent english><
she will always ask students question to provoke in-depth discussions and she loves to teach with many class activities. the only bad thing is she always just simply read from the power point so it is quite boring if she chooses not to conduct any class activities or discussions. but overall, she is a nice and good professor.1. The content goes through the basics of business ethics and decision making.
2. There is a group final project (AESP).Its an active class based completely on discussions.pretty decent if you participate in class - it is highly discussion based and post on the online discussion board every week without fail.
Attendance is crucial, I think it was 2% off for every class you miss.1. Online weekly discussion post
2. Weekly article reading
3. Integrated test - open-ended question based on the weekly readings.
4. final project (AESP) - if your group is good, no worries. if not its a lot of burden one person. COMMUNICATION is key between the group mates - make sure to clearly delegate the work.Overall, the instructor will cover lots of basic business ethics
The course included:
ASAP project(group project)
Online forum + in-class discussion
Weekly reading
Integrate task/ written assignmentInteresting teaching style, teaching plus discussion
My class is quite active, every time Professor Mark ask questions, almost everyone hands up to answer the questions. And the professor will always give comments on your unique and fascinating views
Group discussions during class *2To be honest, the content of this course I don't find it very useful.  However, the discussions in class really allows me to know other's point of view and improves my critical thinking.  Therefore I rate it a B in contentProfessor Mark encourages us to have more discussions during class.  I think this prevents students from sleeping.  This also allows the class to be more interesting.  My class is an active one and every time Professor Mark asks questions, there must me more than 5 hands rising to the sir immediately.  So I quite enjoy this class and I think Professor Mark really wants us to say more and express more so that we can learn from one another.Applied Ethics Service Project (AESP):
Find a business that required your help, to provide service and some sustainable benefits done to the business.
Global Ethical issues every lesson, actually come from the readings received at the end of the lesson. Group discussion will be held at the end of the lesson.You will fall asleep, probably.
Mark would perhaps arouse your interest in global ethical issues, and frequent in-class discussion and ppt quite well-prepared (I guess).
The teaching assistant's English is terrible but nice though.The content is quite easy, but not very useful mainly for the business ethic concept. Every lesson will have news sharing section, discussion with neighbors about article gave the last lesson, and group discussion or group debate.He tries to encourage students to talk, discuss, and raise out their own insight. Try to make the lessons more interactive and interesting, but the voice volume sometimes is quite soft and difficult to focus on what he taught. But anyway he is a good professor.The course involves three large components.

i. AESP project
Mid-report, Final-report.
There is presentation, but not counted toward grades.

ii. Online discussion + In-class discussion
Weekly canvas discussion
Better to prepare one current event news to share before attending class.

iii. Integrate test
An Essay writingMark is good instructor. He engages people and his insights to current events are certainly in higher level.

The lecture is once per week, but 2 hour length, which makes it quite a long time for some people. However, if you engage in class, you would have no problem.The course mainly focuses on ethics, also discussion about the news and the reading materials that assign every week.Mark is a nice lecturer, he likes interacting with the students, discussing whether the issue is ethical for us to do so or not. However, for a lesson that lasts for 2 hours, it may be too boring.The course covers business ethics and some daily life situations or dilemmas which requires ethical decision to have the reasonable trade-off. The lessons are quite flexible as there are no specific answers, right or wrong.She basically speaks the powerpoint out, there are some videos in class(boring...), she will raise some questions of the issue and ask the students. There are group discussions every lesson. Overall, the lesson is quite boring....... You can ask her teaching assistant for the project. She takes attendance with IPRS every lesson (she forgot one time tho)Interactive lessons with the professor sharing his "weekly stories", along with theories illustrated by experiences and supported by practical examples. Typical non-technical, MGMT course with a strong focus on the AESP project/students' own involvements, and for my batch there were no midterms/quizzes/finals, hence the focus was not really on the slides content (we didn't have a textbook), but rather your understanding of the concepts brought up and your ability to reflect and share your own insights afterwards.Mark is laid-back and funny, good at telling stories that help you understand the course content, and always able to crack a few jokes which makes you feel better about some 1 hour and 50 minutes long 9 am lessons lol overall a chill and pleasant professor who is able to make the course content a bit more interesting than it is supposed to be. One of the more engaging class experiences for business core courses, so no complaints there.It covers some basic philosophy without you actually realizing that what we are talking about are age-old problems and the thoughts of very influential philosopher. This makes the class very interesting in my opinion.Prof. Forster is a very engaging prof who tries really hard to make the class fun and interesting. He is very active in the lecture and gives plenty of opportunities to voice one's opinion which is helpful if you are a bit shy. All in all I enjoyed his lectures very much.The course will teach you about ethics in business and the teacher will present quite a few real life business cases in the material.

I find it interesting but most of the students think it's boring. It's up to your preference.He is really good in making the class active and fun. He encourages people to voice out their opinions and stances in cases. He gives a lot of advices to improve your final project and direct you how to make it better.It can make you keep track of the news as you have to do the news sharing every week. Besides news sharing you also have to a news given to you every week. It may seems a bit heavy workload but you will learn a lot from it and build up a habit of reading newsHe teachs in a funny way not boring at all he uses a lot of daily examples to explain the theoryvery boring
we look at the powerpoint and the lecturer just read all the slides on the powerpoint
she assigned a movie every week for us and forces us to watch them which were very very very very boring
After watching the movie, she raised questions concerning the ethics of characters which did not deserve any discussions
the project is also horrible, she had many requirements to fulfill and only showed interest to some very brand new ideasvery boring
the class last for 2 hours and i slept 1 hour and 59minutesin term of content taught in lesson, it is kind of common sense, like should animal testing be prohibited, playing music in shops can raise the interest of the customers etc.
However, for the project part, the workload is a lot heavier. You have to visit many shops in order to find the appropriate one which is willing to cooperate with you. this stage is the most time consuming one, for the presentation and report they are very standard.i would say it is a bit boring because Mark does not really teach much, there is much of the time for discussion insteadTeaching Business Ethics and talks about business scandals.  Interesting actually.

But does not seem related...Great teacher, and has a sense of humor.  But he could be boring at times.Totally depends on your group and your presentation of your project (of course the project report counts!).

Fix your free-riders problems and start working, because Peer Evaluation would be the major criteria in your grade.

If your group is outstanding among the other groups, you would most likely get good grades.  Just make sure you guys take attendance and do the every week Ethic Cafe discussion forum.

The grades, apart from Final, has nothing to do with his teaching content.Takes attendance every lesson.

An Ethics Cafe discussion forum on Canvas per week, you have to write comments related to the discussion in order to get the discussion points, which are contributive to your Grade!  MUST DO because it's easy!

A final exam about his ethics content, duh

WORK ON YOUR PROJECT WITH YOUR GROUP MATES!  This accounts to the most of the grade.The course is mainly focused on Business Ethics.
It touched upon various topics ranging from false advertising to whistleblowers.

There is a new topic every week.Mark is extremely lively. He likes the class to be interactive and will take the effort to remember your name. He has slides prepared for every week and includes a lot of debates and opinion sharing sessions in class. These activities are mostly done in the groups that are assigned at the beginning of the course. He doesn't allow you to use your phones or laptops in class, so don't bother taking them at all.The idea of this subject is too ideal that it is not possible in real life. This subject ought not to be a compulsory course coz it is useless and is needed to be considered whether it should exist... THE WRITTEN TEST HAS NO TRANSPARENCY AT ALL COZ HE WILL NOT GIVE YOU THE PAPER  BACK.A bit sleepy. The teaching style maybe is not suitable for me.Very good content with a lot of examples
movie session is useful too
Basically talks about business ethics in different aspect and students need to analyse some cases in class.Very good teacher
Friendly and eager to answer your questions
A lot of great ideas about project and gives good suggestionsSlightly boring content, assigned readings get longer and longer. Much of this is on the study of ethics more so than on business management techniques.Lecture style and quite boring, however it is best to participate in class more to let Mark know your name.Grading heavily based on participation, raise your hand more in class and remember to write in the discussion board every week at least 2-3 times, group work is also very important and is heavily based on the coherency of english.medium workload, nothing impossible, however requires weekly input and depends heavily on the amount of work your group sets itself. One integrated test which was an in class essay, several questions given to you and the essay is an answer to your chosen question. Based on the readings given weekly so it is best to review and select a few to study before the test thoroughly.Lesson content quite interesting, have many current issues.
slides can be easily read
Not many concepts per lesson
Talk about one-minute response, tip of the week then, teaching, discussion of reading materials and group tutor timeTeaching is interesting.
Have many interaction time while discussing current issues
And before every interaction time usually have discussion time and can talk with others in classThis course is mainly about business ethics, which is also somewhat related to psychology and how people would react to different situations.Paul uses very relevant examples, including funny ads and videos to engage the class. He encourages participation but seldom picks on random people to answer questions. Paul also stays behind after class to talk to students and provide useful feedbacks.reading materials every week.
discussion board every week.
No mid-term or final exams but instead will have Integrated Test and Project Presentation.It will be a little bit boring since Mark used to talk for 2 hours. But some times it has videos to watch. Mark loves to talk news related to business ethics at any time.I think is ok for someone who just want to get an B- or above but A range is not that easy.Have to go to canvas to write discussion board every week but 60-70 words are enough for that.talking about different cases in the lessons. about the psycho things. showing different videos in the lessons. the most interesting class i had in this sem. learning how to analyze human individual and somethings about the commercialjust remember to write notes in the classes coz the contents of the test should be from them. the tutor is good as he printed the notes for every students for every lessons and he's humorousBusiness Ethics
Ethical dilemma in the business world with real life examples

Most people think is boring as nothing taught seems applicable, but I think the stuffs shared was rather interesting.I think he is great as he always try to make the content interesting. He also share a lot of personal experiences and stories that is related to the lesson. He encourage students to share their views and welcome questions of the topic.Discuss a lot on business ethic issue like ethical dilemma in marketing and workplace with real life examples.He is nice and he teaches well and he always encourages students to speak more in the lessons.Grading is good.Take attendance. We need to say something on the discussion board every week and it is optional for us to share news in the class. An integrated test, you can bring along your readings(each lesson one reading), so it is not difficult and there is one group project.In this course, we discuss business ethic issue in different topics, for example ethical dilemma in marketing, workplace, and technology. The professor introduced a lot of real life examples to illustrate the topics. Some are interesting and reflective. It is like a philosophy and psychology class in the context of business environment.He is nice and teaches well. He prepared the lessons thoroughly.The lessons are quite boring although learning content is well-designed (It depends on who teaches the class)

No mid-term, but I prefer a professor giving us mid-term to differentiate usQuite boring and dull

Again, the quality of teaching depends on who teaches the courseThis course is about ethics in business so it is quite vague to define right or wrong. However,  topics like confidentiality are big issues in the business world. This course is a good chance to educate students suitable concepts and values.Prof. Foster is passionate in teaching business ethics. He is willing to answer all the questions raised in class, and able to extract suitable examples to illustrate ethics.- Introduction "Where are you going? / Moral Compass / The AESP"
- What's the use of ethics? / Ethical Theories / Everyone's Business
"I Can't decide! / trying to justify unethical behaviour vs. giving voice to values"
- Is advertising Lying? Organisational ethics and marketing
- What's your bottom line? CSR + Triple bottom line
- Is it a conflict of interest? / Codes of ethics/ professionalism
- Is it a gift or a bribe? / U.S. and HK laws
- Workplace heroes or criminals? / Whistleblowers
- Emerging tech. dilemmas / ethics, social media and the workplace
- Integrated Test /AESP Planning/ consultations
- Trade and values / ethics and globalisation
- You can lead the way / The AESP sharing / debriefingProfessor Mihorean is excedingly articulate. I understood every bit of what he was saying with utmost clarity. I enjoyed his classes and they were all very engaging.

The classes, although long, were always very well organised with timing of each activity done perfectly. Half of the class would be of him teaching the content then the next half is discussion. Everything follows the timeline given at the beginning of the class. The only issue I would have are the time given for discussions quite lengthy most of the time.

Professor Mihorean is very encouraging to students to share their opinion and ideas. I would love to be in one of his classes again.There are topics and real life examples/issues related to business ethics. Discussions and interactions are involved in classes. Students have to complete a group public service project(AESP) in the semester.The professor is funny and helpful with problems that students encountered in their projects.His teaching slides are pretty funny and light-hearted- important ethical concept is explained through case studies. Heavy project based.Pretty chill, but cares a lot about student using cellphone in classHeavily dependent on group project(highly recommend being one of the presenters of the final presentation for the AESP group project) Midterm also pretty chill as long as you pay attention in class- a lot of writing and explanations.Weekly ethics cafe log on canvas. One individual business ethic assignment and one group assignment(essay and presentation)
Will have to put some time into the AESP final project.attendance will be taken every lesson
lessons tend to be quite long so it may get boring sometimesfunny, interactive, easy to approach, friendly, shows interesting youtube videos every lessongoodone individual essay around 500 words on business topics in which you can decide on your own topic
AESP project - including progress report, reflection and presentation
- groups are divided by picking the same color slips from a bag
You will also need to write discussions on ethics cafe 10 out of 13 weeks, about recent news, your opinions and arguments towards the topic
no iprsbusiness ethics like utilitarianism, ethical dilemma
straight forwardfluent english
quite interactive, mary always ask questions in class
students could learn a lot from debates between their peers or questions raised by students or mary

mary would also use movies to illustrate business ethic dilemma and cases to usThe course mainly talks about ethics and CSR, it mainly focuses on how ethics and CSR help the company to make money....Prof will distribute one reading (around 4 pages) each week at the end of the class and then discuss the topic in next class. sometimes,The grade is good if you attend all the classes and finish online discussion board.No need to pay that much efforts on your project.
every week, there is a news sharing session. (prof don't care about what you are talking about, just stand up and share sth about ethics is ok)
ESSAY is an IMPORTANT criterion to determine the grade
for the essay, grammar is important.pretty straightforward ethical subjects related to the business world
very introductory and common sensenative speaker
excellent lectures
leaves you wondering with thoughts after his class
a very soft-spoken man
though u need to listen to what he has to say because his ppts are pretty empty-Understand the terminology, concepts, and principles of ethical decision- making.
- Identify ethical dilemma in business and apply logical frameworks in your analysis order to reach feasible resolutions.In class, Mary tried to get people involved with discussions. Normally the same people tend to raise their hands. If you just sit and listen it tends to get boring, so I think it's great how she encourages people to join in with the discussion (participation points). Discussions help people to express their opinions verbally and to also consider different perspectivesour AESP group often says "if common sense tells you it's unethical, it's more ethical than you realise". We attempt to explain business decisions by ethic principles, but sometimes it isn't really that logical thinking as a person. (gut feeling is useless here because you have to explain everything)Every lesson there will be ppt. She basically reads off ppt and sometimes adds supplementary worksheets (particularly after midterm period). Sometimes quite boring. The TA, Barry, is the reason why some stay though, because he is quite handsome. He's also more helpful than Mary.1-minute presentation by students at the beginning of the lessons
Then the professor would teach a new topics every lessons
Mini debates and teaching sessions at the end of every lessons
After I finish the course I wonder which parts of it are related to business ethics?Professor is very nice
But the lessons are too boringIt is a lot more than a business ethics course. Different topics were discussed and most were so broad that you can relate them to many other aspects of life other than business ethics. You can say the diversity of topics was great but at the same time the content was not focused that you may feel confused when you try to summarize what you have learnt.Mark preferred interactions. He wanted responses from students. Discussions and student teaching sessions were held every lesson to make sure students were involved. He expressed himself clearly, although the volume was sometimes low that students sitting at the back may find it difficult to hear him.Content in class ranges on a wide spectrum of topics that include but are not limited to psychology, marketing, business fraud, general philosophical principles ( such as utilitarianism, egalitarianism, etc.) Although the class touches an a multitude of ideas, there is consistently a certain amount of depth and time devoted to each topic.Teaching was well done. Half of the class was spent with the professor presenting the idea while the other half of the class was spent doing active discussion. All of the concepts and ideas in class were well presented by the professor. That said, if you are the type of student that is not interested in philosophy, psychology or ethics, this class isn't for you. Like any class, even if the professor explains the content well, if the content itself is boring to the individual, one would not enjoy the class.Things talked about during lessons are quite interesting. The professor will assign one reading for you every week; then during the lesson, you will have sometime to discuss with people sitting around you based on the topics talked about in the readings. You may come up with your personal views or 'deep sea questions' then stand up and discuss with the whole class after the group discussion. The reading will be related to the integrated test.The professor will she us one powerpoint every lesson, sometimes we will have chance to watch a video about the topic we are discussing in that lesson. Many group discussions are involved, including the teaching session( which you have to be a 'teacher' in another group, explaining the topic assigned to your group and express your views on it.) and the mini debate. All these are kind of interesting and inspiring.Mark sometime will share some video to us and assign some reading to us. Every lesson, you have to discuss the article that he assigned you in the last lesson with your classmates about 10 min.there is a ppt in every lesson with clear explanationUseful materials and decent presentation.The professor will go through many past cases and analyse whether the companies response to certain issues is ethical.The professor is presentable and nice.Introductory management course in hkust. It is pretty easy if you did IB and you were good at TOK because your final grade pretty much depends on the final essay and the group project which can only be graded high if your entire group participates actively or else you will have to take on the entire workload and it might have a bad impact on any of your other subjects due to the stress and the workload.He encouraged active classroom participation and rather made it interesting for majority of the people although I did find 2-3 people dozing off every class.Class participation 30
Personal Reflection 20
The Applied Ethics Service Project:
AESP Progress Journal 10
AESP Final Report 25
AESP Presentation 5
AESP Personal Reflection 10Mary Ho drink Coco-cola every lesson- fat dead her><
English intonation is exaggerated. Boring lesson but rmb not to sleep as she will see. I sleep in one lesson where a guest come to talk so mary ho won't notice me :)))The course is mainly about Business Ethics.
One topic for each week.
Every week, there will be some reading to do after class, and in the next lecture, reading materials will discussed. The readings are often 5 or more pages long.
It is suggested to do 1 news presentation throughout the term, 1-2 min long, talk about recent news and your views or stance or opinion.
Attendance is recorded every lecture.Mark will begin each lecture with 1min news presentation.
He talks about social issues in his lectures, and will also make use of social issues to illustrate the concepts and theories.
At the end of each lecture, there will be group discussions. In the group discussion, you will talk about the readings and he will also ask deep-sea questions.
I think it is a bit boring since the content didn't interest me a lot.It would be an advantage if you have taken the biology before. Since there are many terms and concepts related. For me I find it boring....Prof. Mark is the most interesting lecturer among three. He prepares a movie and some short clips to demonstrate the content.I found it difficult in both exams since honestly I did not work very hard on it. But outcome the grade was not bad. For two exams I almost below one SD, and finally I got a B-No homework, just a midterm and exam.Business ethics and the individual? Seems pretty useless. And it might seem like that the professors were forced to teach this course just for the sake of teaching it but Mark does a great job with making it interesting. He constantly updates his PPTs with relevant business world stories and really tries to engage his students.Like I said, he's the best teacher I've had so far. Native english skills, pretty cool guy and quite friendly. He divides his class by giving a quick tip to help you adapt to university in the first few minutes, gives another few to encourage students to share some ideas or thoughts on a news article they read out of class. Then he goes on with his PPT slide about no cellphones in class. Then he starts the lecture by talking himself for 30 minutes while forcing you to either 1. discuss with a partner, 2. discuss in a group, 3. discuss in other groups. There will also be quick in class debates.I did not know what I learnt... so blow water lolHe was very chur as he always pushed for more meetings and asked us to think and think...I knew that was good, but ai....

He was not that nice as compared to professors in generalThe professor just copied everything from the textbook and put the headings as bullet points in his slides. There were a total of 11 chapters, covering business feasibility, business model, financing, marketing etc, to teach you how to set up your business. Just read the textbook and you will be fine.I wondered if the professor really knew what he was doing. Each lecture lasted 2 hours and 50 minutes although there was a 15-minute break after around 1 hour. He spent almost 2/3 of the entire lecture talking nonsense and inviting students to present their assignments which were actually summaries of what he taught last week (I doubted if there was any), interesting facts from the textbook etc. When he finally started teaching, he kept repeating the same points again and again, which were quite irrelevant to the slides. There were lots of exchange students and they were relatively willing to interact with the professor in class. He could not handle questions well and would say something confusing when he did not have the answer. However, he seemed to think his teaching was insightful as he loved asking students if they learnt something from the class. I could not understand why he was hired for UG / MBA programs.The content itself is very common sense and superficial. It fails to equip you with the essential skills to become a successful entrepreneur.

1.Innovative Ecosystems, Key Frameworks, and Class Networking
2. Creativity/Accelerating Ideas and Opportunities
3. Conducting Feasibility Analysis
4. Writing a Great Business Plan
5. Developing Your Business Model
6. Entrepreneurial Marketing
7. Venture Financing
8. Negotiations and PartnershipsHe was the most unfriendly professor I have ever met in my entire university life. He always scold students for being late and failing to answer his questions. You are required to read about 10 pages of reading before each class; or you will be punished by him if you are caught. His teaching was boring and not inspiring at all.  

He always gave vague instructions and made students feel confused. For example, he once said that there would be no lecture in the following week. But, the truth is you still had to appear in class to to discuss the project with your teammates. He did not make it clear and many students were faked. Their attendance was negatively affected.

He also failed to make a clear guideline for the essay. He clarified it just a few hours before the deadline!Good:
Had lots of interesting guest speaker lecture.

Bad:
Completed a detailed Business Plan within a semester with LOTS OF ONGOING ASSESSMENTS that demanded frequent meetings (about once a week) with group mates outside classes.Sam required active participation in class. He always asked students to answer his questions even though they did not raise their hands. So you have to be well prepared for class by reading the case studies and required reading materials before EACH lesson.The classes were mainly structured by:
1. Lectures
2. Case readings
3. Speakers sharing
4. Project time

It was practical - the cases and sharings reinforced what we had learnt durin lectures by actual examples (both successful and failed ones).

I learnt a lot through writing a business plan, and doing the pitch deck. I also learnt a lot as a team leader (aka CEO of the business idea), as a local student, I worked with non-local teammates and exchange students, it was challenging for me to coordinate and understand cultural differences. This experience helped me to experience the pains being an entrepreneur (which is my goal). I am extremely grateful to have such experience.

After the course, I even pitched my ideas to some investors who showed interests.Sam was a nice professor (though a lot of people think he's not friendly). He's demanding and he does scold people sometimes, but I could tell that he put a lot if efforts in this class (at least that's what I felt). He needed to spend a lot of tell to look at our assignments and prepare for the class as well.

After the final pitch, he told me that the idea was good, and I could let him know if I need anything to bring the idea further, and he was happy to help.The content is all about your creativity, if you can think of a  good idea, and you are a good pitcher, it's a pretty nice course.Teaching is alright I think. Not too bad not too good.Some people said his grading is harsh but I think he looks a lot into effort. If you can show him the effort your group put in, you will be fine.He warned us about the workload so i think everyone who take this course is prepared for the heavy workload. Reading every lesson and many preparations to do. He will cold call on students to answer his questions so you can hide.The course mainly focus on entrepreneurship and innovation in business, the whole lecture time is mainly focusing on the content from the textbook and some day to day example from professor, the content is somehow boring.Professor teaching style is really boring and wordy, he keeps repeating the facts and information from the textbook which the students can read the book themselves instead of mentioning over and over again during the precious lecture time. He also invite students to recap his teaching and textbook every lecture, which it is considered as wastage of time.All the things are from textbook. Read the textbook. From business model, marketing to funding. A snapshot of all the business topics. There is nothing difficult for this course.Not that good. He was very lack of insights on entrepreneurship. The course itself is good but the instructor is to some extent very bad.In terms of content, I found it quite similar to SBMT2010 as it was mainly based on ethics and being ethical. However it is less vague, and there are many instances where ethics is applied to real life situations and ourselves.Although it was a 9am lesson, most students were able to attend the classes on time. Melody made all the classes very interesting, she would make jokes and also engage all students. I had a lot of fun attending her lessons, and did not find waking up for 9am lessons difficult at all. Overall, the teaching was very good.Informative classes with a lot of in class discussion and group activities. It allows you to mull over some of the day to day issues we face related to ethics and how businesses need to act and react in such ethics related situation. We also go through past cases and analyse whether the companies response to certain issues is appropriateNice, interactive teacher who is open to different opinionsThis intermediate business ethics course takes a discussion-based approach to examining ethical issues in a corporate context. This course focuses on the ethical issues related to the interaction between business and society. You will further develop your knowledge, moral reasoning skills, and attitudes towards social responsibility by considering the perspectives of various stakeholders. Corporate contexts sometimes involve ‘managerial mischief’ and ‘moral mazes’; thus having an awareness and sensitivity to Business Ethics can bring overall improvements. This highly interactive course will draw upon relevant current issues to help you understand (and overcome)
some of the real-world challenges that business executives confront. Ultimately, this course will encourage you to become positive, ethical influences in your own personal and professional lives.

From my point of view, the content of this course is quite interesting as it explores us the complex business ethical issue nowadays which is useful to develop our "water-blowing" skills in future.The lecture flow:
1st: individual news sharing (everyone should present once)
2nd: turn off your mobile phone (a must steps)
3rd: group discussion on weekly reading material (randomly formed group)
4th: raise your group view/deep-sea question
5th: another pair discussion on some ethical decision topics
6th: group discussion/group work (according to your group)The content is mostly about business ethnic which is somehow very common. The topic between different tutors can be very different.

The content is easy for most business students.Prof He will always show a video in class. They can be some TED talk, or some cute clips from youtube.
After the video, he will talk about the content.
In every lesson, students have to form groups with random classmate  and discuss on the topic.  

It is always relaxing to have prof He lesson.Introduction
Business' role and responsibilities in society
Investors
Employees
Customers
Partners or Competitors
Community and Government

Extension of MGMT2010
Easy common senseShe'll write ur name if u speak up so just say something in class so u get participation points

Many group discussions, and she'll ask a person in ur group to share to the class on the outcomes of ur discussion

It's important to attend her classes so please dont take her 9am classesThere are few main topics:
• Introduction to Business Ethics and Social Responsibility
• CSR 1.0 – 3.0
• Ethical decision-making and leadership
They are all very easy to understandThe overall teaching of Mary is okay. She is HongKongese but for most of the time in class/ consultation she will speak in Cantonese. She will kindly answer your question in Cantonese if you insist in using that.
She will ask question about the video/ case shown in class in order to initiate the class discussion. She will go into different groups and ask about our thoughts during the discussion. She will guide you to different directions to think deeper. Yet, somehow the class is quite boring hea. Most of us would be playing our laptop.Business core course for SBM.
Ch1 Role of Business in Society
Ch2 Human Psychology and Corporate Irresponsibility
Ch3 Business and Employees
Ch4 Business and Customers
Ch5 Business and Suppliers
Ch6 Business and Competitors
Ch7 Business and Community
Ch8 Social Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Ch9 ESG Compliance and Crisis ManagementI strongly recommend you take this course for this professor's session. This professor is extremely nice. He knows we are full of pressure and gives us game during the lecture.

If you are passive and do not raise questions in class, don't worry, you can post comments on Canvas forum, it can also count on individual participation.The content is fruitful. You would learn about ESG of business through case studies and sharings from people in related industries. I think my understanding about ethics and company compliance have increased greatly after the semester. It is for students who truly want to improve their analytical skills and business mindset.Prof Roger puts a lot of efforts into teaching and gives detailed feedback to the assignment and project you worked on. The theories he taught were supported well with company case studies and examples. I have benefited a lot in his class.mainly related to corporate social responsibility with different aspects
let students reflect more in business and ethic sense
every topic has cases for students to read and think and then discuss in the lesson
videos related to the topics will be watched during lessonQuite good
Willing to answer students' questions and explain clearlyThe course is just something about ethical, how to balance profitable and ethical decision-making, will have a lot of in-class discussion.He can make you think more about yourself and reflect, sometimes is boring but sometimes is inspiring. He loves TED talk so almost every lesson, we will watch a short TED video about the topic discussed in class.Cover more than other instructors, mainly tallk about:
ESG
Scenario Planning
CSR Scorecard
MSCI model
other model related to ethical decisionRoger's lecture are quite informative ,he talks a lot with ESG , each lectures usually presents 60+ of slides which is full of texts and the lesson seems quite intensive with a lot of discussions and so called " simulation", to act as ESG consultant for multinational companies.
Although most of the time he is blowing water but you better remember what he mentioned in the class, cause you have to summaries it and give comments during canvas discussion.a lot of things about ESG (=CSR) which is actually blowing water so i do not really remember much now (but scenario planning hahaha)quite engaged with students with good eye contact
good at remembering names, so don't keep on talking
good to hold review session so that students can submit their work for him brfore final submissionStudies about CSR and mainly explain theories through different business cases, involved group project by providing tailor-made suggestion to the business chosen/assignedQuite clear flow, but sometimes is boring in lecture as only theories discussed with no discussion
Mary is quite nice in the sense that she is willing to answer questions and give freedom for you to do the projectHis materials are always filled with group discussions which are engaging.He is good in bringing examples that do not bore.Grading is fine if you keep on attempting to bring thoughts to questions and discussions in class.The workload is not bad.You participate in class by simply answering his questions or posts some discussions in the LMES board. There is a pretty extensive research and presentation which you have to do in your team. Make sure you are in a good team if you want a decent grade.Only writing this because I don't think some of the reviews (for 2017-2018 fall sem) are fair. Yes, the professor is boring and the lecture content is pretty much useless (not like I was expecting anything else, I was only taking it just in case I cannot graduate because it was a core course and I knew in Spring sem 2017 the MGMT department suddenly cancelled the other core course), but it is pretty good grade IMO (as long as you ain't dumb).Yeah professor is boring but that's why you can exploit this and get good grade. Bunch of half-wits don't listen in class so if you pay a bit of attention on important parts (stories and fill in the blanks as mentioned in my 'Grading' part), you should be able to get at least an A-range.

And just to be fair to the professor, he is boring but by no means is he a prick. I have seen professors worse than him. He is by far the most lenient and chill professor I have seen. it's just that the students are as good as dead and won't be willing to answer any questions, so don't just blame it on the professor (although I wasn't the ones who answer question either, but hey I got a decent grade out of it)The content is not so about HRM in reality. It is about HRM in management level, or in terms of management. So please manage your expectation of the course before registering the course.Mainland prof boring af. People just sit there and mind their own business. He tries to make the class fun but asking questions and saying jokes. no response...Content is very useful and somewhat interesting if you're interested in HR. It's related to psychology and also focuses on some management principles. You'll learn about what HR managers do and how to compensate workers fairly.The professor is a nice and extremely friendly guy, BUT his classes are really boring. You'll get bored really fast as he relies heavily on his powerpoint slides and drones on about an idea just to convey a point. The annoying part about his lecture slides is that he leaves out some parts or leaves blanks in his slides to get you to pay attention to his lecture and fill-in-the-blanks. So if you're planning to ditch, make sure you have someone to help you jot down the important notes.So so, cover many aspects in hr like interview, appraisal and payroll
But due to its nature, it is very thorical
Did not cover employment laws
Did not go into too detailedFunny guyBasic introduction to Human Resource Management.The teaching was boring as his English accent made you really sleepy. Communicating with him sucks for he didn't seem to get your point everytime you talked to him, and he would answer your questions in a long and dull way.
But I cannot deny that he is trying to give help to every student approaching him.The content is all about HRM practices, like training and development, global HRM etc. If you are interested in HRM, it is a good course for you.He is a very friendly and nice professor who patiently answers your questions and queries.The grading is quite good. Maybe around 26-27% A range. As long as you attend lectures and do revision before quizzes, you should get a decent grade.The workload is not that heavy, with two quizzes, 4 take-home assignments, some in-class exercises, and a mini project.  For the take-home assignments, as long as you complete that, you can easily get full marksAll about HR practices. He mentioned introductory issues concerning laws and ethics and strategic HRM. Then, he talked in detail about recruitment and selection, performance appraisal and training, and compensation. Finally, he also spoke of global HRM. Interestingly, he loved using his 4 cases as examples and applying them in different topics.The professor is nice and easy-going. He is willing to listen to students' opinions and change the course requirements accordingly. Some complained that they didn't have enough time in the mid-term exam so he extended the time limit in the final exam by 15 minutes. He usually answered questions quite efficiently and in detail. However, you may find the course boring if you're not interested in the topics because of his voice. He sometimes tended to read directly from the ppt.Most of the content is common sense. The content of the course may highly depend on the professor. Sam's MGMT 4220 is a kind of waste.Sam is not good at teching at all, that is all my classmates comment. There is no logic between courses.I think the grading is quite fair even I only got C, because I was not doing good on presentation.The workload is light, including presentation, group project, project proposal. It is important to find good team members as the group project accounts for a relatively large proportion of the grade.-Similar topics in MGMT2110 (Big5 personality, different types of leadership)Average teaching by professor Zhu but this did not affect your learning as 95% of the exam contents are in the assigned reading and the lecture notes1.  Learning Diary x3 15% (You will get full marks if you hand it in on time)
2.  Self Assessment x9 10%  (You will get full marks if you hand it in on time)
3.  Exam 1 15% (27 MCs and 4 short questions) (Tips: you need to remember the correlation between different personal features and leadership performance as she will ask you about that!!)
4.  Exam 2 20% (44 MCs and 5 short questions) (Tips: Most of the short questions are about the content of assigned reading)
5.  Group project 25% (15%: report & 10%: presentations)
6.  Participation 15% (3% are from the attendance during presentations) (You can get 1 Q&A card if you asked 1 question after the presentations in order to boost your scores)

Comment on the grade:
Very good grade as I am above 0.7 sd in every exam and 39/40 in presentation and i get an A!Light workloadTopics are really good. Identify several types of leader and the framework to be a good leader.Lively teaching and Lucia will remember everyone's name which is very interactive. On-point teaching with clear and precise powerpoint!Grading is pretty fair. hard-working will lead to high grade!Only 2 in-class exam (a few short questions!!) and 1 case study with presentation. Workload is very light! However, attendance is required with occasional quiz, which are used to facilitate the class content and help for personal development, quite interesting!