Basics of Android development:

1. Introduction to the Android SDK and development environment, Setting up the Android Studio environment.

2. Hello World Application, Activity Basics, UI Design: Widgets, UI Events, Event Listeners.

3. Activity lifecycle, Intents, UI Design: Widgets and Layouts, ListView.

4. 2D graphics: Canvas/Drawing into a view.

5. Multimedia: Audio playback and Audio Manager.

6. Android NetworkingClear explanation of the Android development process and concepts. The TA Mr. Luke Lo is very helpful in answering your questions online and offline.No CommentHard to understand the accent. I need to read the YouTube subtitle.Only pass or fail.
5 assignments (20 scores each), no exams.
Need to gain 60% in each assignment. If you cannot get 60% in any 1 assignment, then sorry~To me, the workload is much more heavier than COMP 1029C (XoX) It would be better to know java language before studying this course.

I need a whole day to finish 1 assignment but this is a 1 credit course. (Total = 5 assignments, 1 assignment each week)

But if you can understand the accent and if your computer is fast, the workload is very light.

If your computer has only 4GB ram(as same as my notebook), then I need to say good luck to you. For a simple and short java code, the emulator needs more than an hour to run!!!!!!!!!!!!! It was very TERRIBLE! That's why I need a whole day to finish it (including watching the lecture videos).

But still, the course is worth learning.Even if reg this course in fall or spring sem, it still only study within one month and have the final exam after one month.The videos are short but kinda detail. Better look through those comment in the source code.It's only pass or fail.
Final exam taking in canvas, but need a access code so still have to take the exam with TA/ prof. 6 short questions, 10 points each. Open-book and can access Canvas while taking pass, just need to gain 40% marks in the final.4 assignments in total, one assignment per week, submit through canvas and checking by program. Those assignments are programming applications. Most of the code is provided in source code, which already taught in exercises. Only few lines of code is need to be done.The content is very basic and fundamental so it is quite easy to follow. However, there are many online tutorials or videos that you can follow to achieve the same thing. I feel like the content of this course is a bit lackluster and more could be taught for this course.The TAs are all very helpful and experience in Android programming. They will help you on any part of the lab.COMP1029A lasts for just a month and gets over before the midterm week starts. Has weekly fill in the blanks (complete the code) assignments.Video lessons on canvas. All the topics are explained in detail.
Chapter wise quizzes are also uploaded on canvas to help one revise the concepts.It's a Pass/Fail course so grading is not a problem as long as you submit all the assignments and show up for the final exam.Very light workload. Little attention to be given towards the course just for the assignments and preparing for the final exam.Detailed and well-explained. But conceptually useless for a beginner. You will be able to do everything by following the videos but will have to build the understanding on your own. (Recommended to do Java (and XML) beforehand if you want the course to add value)Professor was good. Well, he has a slew of YouTube videos, regularly updated, which are clear, concise and satisfactory. Easy to understand and slow. (Accent may appear a bit heavy in the beginning.) Do not worry about SDK installation since labs have it pre-installed.
(e.g: )This course teaches you methods of modelling software using different techniques. It also "teaches" you how to use C#/ASP .NET to develop an MVC web app.In-class teaching is pretty good. Concepts are easy to learn. However, a lot of the content is on the slides and can be easily crammed in a day.

Each lab has like 10-20 pages of notes to read before you can actually do the lab work. The best way to learn is to turn to the person next to you and ask, "How the fuck do you do this?"UML, Class diagram, MVC, stuff. Go google it software engineer.

Language used: HTML, C#, CSS, SQL, "WTF?", "WHY?", "COME ON YOU PIECE OF SXXT", "GO GET VISUAL STUDIO OPENED FIRST!"Fred is good at teaching, at least he is good at delivering concepts.

However, the TAs were the other way around, uhm.... just forget it. Nobody took tutorials. I was just a fool sitting at the back bore to death.It is about software engineering theory, concept and tool, such as water flow model, agile development, UML diagram, design pattern, testing and etc.

Project: calendar software using Java Swing. One team four students. It is related to lectures very little. It seems like the topic and programming language changed in the next semester.TA help us a lot solving technical problem in project.

Professor can help student understand the content in slides better and his teaching is quite efficient like his other courses.Content is out-dated and we were forced to use http://ASP.net. You can get away with reading powerpoint slides and not going to class.Prof. Lochovsky is pretty bad at teaching and sometimes confuses himself. He makes simple mistakes and ended up in the hospital because of health issues this semester.The content is quite boring and you need to memorize most of them in order to get a good mark in mid-terms.Professor is fine but still the course material is too boring which downgrades the lesson experience.Grading:
2 mid-terms
1 Individual Assignment
7 labs
1 Group Project (including presentation)The workload of this course is very heavy. First of all, the group project is about making a LINE chatbot which is mainly written in Java. Professor will not talk much about Java and if you don't know much about it, you need to learn it yourself. Someone once said that it is a course for you to distinguish freeriders and I agree.Content is very much related to Computer Science and it is base principles thay everyone needs to know. Some of them are a bit boring and is hard to follow during the lectures.The teacher is the best one I have had in UST. Even though the material is boring sometimes the Sim makes sure that you are very well entertained during lectures.content are generally related to computer software engineering issue, refactoring or some working models, the beginning parts(MT1) of this course I give D because it s totally useless and just like blow water.

The later part(MT2) I give B because it 's really related to programming and more logical.For the lecture, Kim Sung is okay.

For the project, however as well as LINE 's loading speed
may not respond immediately, but the TA would give you 0 immediately instead of waiting for the response.Talking about how to develop a system. The content is good without the project. The project cause the workload very heavy and no time to learn the lecture.lecture and tutor and group project are totally not related...The most important part is the group project. However, at the last moment it only require a video. You just need to show it work but it dont need actually work.It will be very very hard to develop a website in these short time. Dont forget you have other course.The content learnt is actually useful because they are the basic steps of what you will be doing if you want to study and work in web development.Its actually funny and relaxed in his lecture. However, u may not understand what he is doing in his demonstration because it is too fast to see.It is horrible. The mean is so high that u need overall around 90% to get an A range. For mean, it is around C+ to B- which is normal but its quite hard to get mean in this course.Super heavy workload. The project itself takes around 4-5 hours per week and if you are assigned with something you are not familiar with inside your group, you may take even more time to study the matters and it will further increase your workload.Google is your teacher.At the moment this course has (at least) two versions. I took the Fred one, but also learnt a lot about the Kim one.

Common:
Software design principles and patterns.
Software development workflows.

The common things are basically memorization, like most of the COMP courses in UST.

Fred: lab and project is WebForms website. You learn latest C#, T-SQL and write a somewhat complicated website to satisfy a long and vague requirement document. Closer to large, old, non-Internet enterprises in the real world.

Kim: lab and project uses latest frontend libraries (e.g. ng), No-SQL db and Java to build an app with both web and Android clients. You have more freedom (and obligation) to show your creativity. Closer to newborn, Internet enterprises.Fred is rather nice, despite being a bit arrogant.

You can expect clear explanations. The in-class practices are quite useful for understanding the content and preparing for the exams.Project+Memorization.
This course is well-matched with MECH1906 in bad content, bad teaching and bad grading.
Contents are mentioned in other reviews. I just have something to say about the grading.Don't know. Seldom go to class because the class was **
He doesn't reply emails. Can't get in touch with him.The Main content in Fall Sem:
HTML,CSS,ANGULARJS
Version Control
Software Development Process
Design Pattern
Testing
Requirement
Refactoring

Attending tutorials is optional.Only Very High Level Introduction
Self-Learning....The course content might be important in the software engineering world, but classes are a pain to sit through. Topics include:
HTML, Cloud Computing, Bootstrap, Software Development Cycles, Design Patterns, Testing, Refactoring.To be honest, I didn't like the teaching a lot. Slides are very ordinary and its difficult to understand concepts from the slides. In addition, the sheer # of slides per topic makes it long.
Midterm and Final are completely unrelated to the project and so most material is seen just before the exams. (likely to be forgotten very easily).Some unix basics, web stuffs such as html, css(Bootstrap), js(AngularJS), online database(Firebase).  Then it focuses on development process, UML diagrams, design patterns, refactoring, white/black box testing, Debugging with several tools, WHICH ARE USELESS TO REAL LIFE.Teaching of prof is quite interesting.  Not bored, nice guy, feels happy when someone called him handsome, but the topics covered on lectures are only related to exams.  Project and lab are self-learning :)  Some TAs in tutorial suck that they are just repeating what tutorial notes said.didnt really teach much thing related to the project in the lecture , need to discover yourself or attending the tutorial/ lab to know moreThe explanation on the concept is clear.The first midterm exam is directly asking the knowledge on the lecture notes and it should be fine if you remember all the materials that is covered in the midterm.2 Mid term exam and 1 group project .
For the project , 6-8 member will form a group to work on the improvement of the question room . So the workload should be fine if each member contribute to one task.Why there is no F grade in this rating system?!

1. Modeling Software Systems Using UML
2. Software Development
3. System Requirements Capture
4. Implementation
5. Testing
6. System Analysis and Design
7. Software Quality Assurance
8. Managing Software Development

A freaking lengthy notes and many words to cram up on in 90s style of lecture notes! WTF it still happens in 2017?! Software engineering is supposed to be sexy and exciting but the course design just makes it dull and bothersome. How come? No one turns a fully practical topic to be a purely theoretical crap than it does.In terms of boredom, the content is supercalifragilisticexpialidocious.The lecturer just wants to say every words on the slides and the TAs are reluctant to help because they do not know WTF it's going on with the goddamn Visual Studio. Every time doing lab exercise with little help screws you as if it's the end of my life. I think it is an insight to warn me better to quit IT someday.01-Introduction-Image-Representation-MATLAB
02-Enhancement-in-the-Spatial-Domain
03-Enhancement-in-the-Frequency-Domain
04-Restoration-and-Filtering
05-Morphological-Image-Processing
06-Image-Segmentation
07-Image-Registration
08-Image-Compression
09-Face-Recognition
10-Iris-Recognition
11-LBP-Fingerprint-RecognitionGood pronunciation. Topics are quite interesting and not very difficult. Some extensions were introduced although some of them are not required in exams.Content is about filtering like Gaussian, median, mean and also about edge detection, boundaries, segmentation etc.professor is smart but can get easily boring. His voice makes me hard to pay attention to the class and because I am also taking another class that is similar to image processing, I know the material already and that makes me hard to focus in this course.Content is okayish. Not that great, not very bad either. Some interesting stuff like face recognition, segmentation, edge detection, boundaries, skeletons, etc.Not that good. Lectures are pretty boring. However, what I actually didnt like about the course/teaching was that none of the assignments were related to any exam questions. All assignments were 90% coding.
It didn't really prepare me well for the exams.
No solutions of assignments/exams released. No past papers, very few sample questions discussed during the sem. Not a great experience altogether.Just like the title, Discrete Math for Computer Science.

If you are Engineering/Science/Math student, you will find some of the content similar to other courses (e.g. counting and probability are very basic), while some of them are designed for CS students only, like modular arithmetic (mod, gcd, RSA), algorithm analysis using big O/theta/omega. Not very difficult if you have a good Math background and are familiar with their proof.

The detailed topics:
Logic (Proposition/quantifier)
Proof (Direct/contraposition/contradiction)
Set and function
Modular arithmetic
Counting
Probability
Algorithm analysis
Induction
Recursion
GraphTAI, Chiew Lan is my lecturer this semester. I would say she teaches quite badly. She expects students already having the knowledge (though some are true) and she just reads out from the powerpoint. Basically we learnt nothing in the lecture. She lacks preparation to the lecture notes, which leads to her "lagging" for a couple of minutes for the examples in class. She is an interactive lecturer, who asks challenging questions BEFORE teaching the main parts, and usually causing dead air for another couple of minutes throughout the class.There are 5 chapters that are tested in the final examination for this course. The first chapter is about the logic gates, sets, relations and functions. The second chapter is permutations and combinations. The third is about probability, which includes many theorems like Bayes' theorem etc. The fourth chapter tests cryptography and many other concepts about the same topic. The fifth and last chapter deals with concepts like mathematical induction. The highest weightage in the examinations is given to chapters 3 and 5.DYY is an excellent teacher and he uploads videos of his courses within 2 days. He teaches all concepts well and spends a good amount of time in class clearing the doubts of students.Counting
Logic
Proof Technique
Induction
Probability
Number Theory
Cryptography
Recurrence
Complexity Theory
Advanced Induction

Kenneth's class doesn't have any graph theory , and he have roughly used 5 - 10 minute to teach about set theory and function. So it is better for you to read the textbook if you want to learn more about discrete mathKenneth's teaching is good . He is good at clarifying the difficult concept in an easier ways.-Intro to Logic
-Quantifiers
-Inference
-Intro to Induction
-Counting
-Binomial Coefficient
-Intro to Probability
-Inclusion-Exclusion
-Independence
-Random Variables and Variance of RVs
-Intro to Crypto and Mod
-Inverses and GCDs
-The RSA Algorithm
-Recursion, Recurrences and -Induction
-Solutions to Recurrences
-Big O Notation
-Advanced Inductionthe instructor is very kind and helpfulThe course introduces discrete math tool for CS. Actually , it's a MATH course. The content is kind of interesting and not difficult before the midterm. After midterm, the algorithm part is a little bit difficult.The pronunciation of the professor is good. He was very patient when I asked question after class. However he speaks very fast.No CommentContent focus on Logic, encyption/decyption, Chinese Remainder Theorem, Hashing etc. These are useful theories for CS major.He is a good professor with nice explanations. He is helpful for answering questions by students.midterm,final mean~B+
You will not see another compulsory courses with grading like this.
If you see he is teaching COMP2711, don't hesitate.
Just TAKE it.Relatively low because no assignments but only have weekly quiz based on some review questions (with the answers!) and they will be the bonus mark add on your grade. Attendance will be taken by PRS, but not necessary to take all of them.Request for math skills, but not programming or other computer related skills.
For math major students, don't expect it is easy to get an a in this course.Mainly teach the material from the slides, but with details explanation.
TAs seem not familiar with the course content.
There are many self-study materials for us to review after class or before midterm/exam.This course is more of a MATH course than a COMP course tbh.
Pre-midterm covers high school counting, probability, simple proofs, and some basic discrete logic.
Post-midterm introduces less-familiar concepts such as recursion (and recursive proofs), cryptography, and number theory.

Topics: Discrete Logic, Counting, Proofs, Induction, Recursion, Probability, Cryptography, and Number Theory
Textbook: C. Stein, R.L. Drysdale and K. Bogart.Discrete Mathematics for Computer Science, International Edition, Pearson, 2011Kenneth is one of the best COMP lecturers in UST I've encountered so far. He gives detailed lectures and is clear about going through new concepts and proofs step-by-step.
He's also a pretty generous grader (mentioned during class that 85%+ is A-range).TOPICS:
-Predicate logic
-Propositional logic
-Inference
-Set theory
-Functions
-Modulus Operator
-GCD
-Cryptography
-Permutations and Combinations
-Binomial coefficients
-Principle of Inclusion and Exclusion
-Algorithms
-Probability
-Expectation Variance
-Induction
-Recursion
-Graph TheoryHe explains very well. He makes you practice questions in class so that you have a brief idea of how the questions can be. He accepts all suggestions regarding classes very openly and also explains the doubts very clearly.The contents are divided as 6 parts.
1. Logic
2. Number Theory (mod/GCD/Cryptography)
3. Counting
4. Probability Theory
5. Induction and Recursion
6. Graph

All of these are foundations of computer science. As a non CS major student, I still manage to find these concepts quite handy and interesting.

The number theory part is hardest to me because of all those modular arithmetic stuff lol.

Counting and Probability is easy as it's similar to high school math (or MATH2421). But be careful on analysis of algorithm, the questions related to it can go wild.

Induction and recursion part is fairly straightforward. Proof by MI... find a formula for recursion... you name it.

The graph part is also another pain though. Pay attention to the theorems proposed in lecture slides, as 1 question in final exam asked about proof of relationship between edges and vertices.His teaching is very dull and boring, sort of a common problem among all mainland professors I guess. Through the lectures, he just managed to go through loads of examples demonstrating the concepts he's teaching, so really not much to comment about.

Basically you can just read the slides on your own and do your self learning haha.Refer to reviews below for more details, some of the mathematical topics include counting, crypto, and mathematical induction.He is clear and explains mathematical concepts concisely, which helps one to understand.The grading is quite generous. For quiz, they will take your best 4 out of 5 quizzes(relatively easy so long you try the quiz pool questions).
In-Class Participation (10%)
Quiz (10%)
Midterm (30%)
Final (50%)There is no workload(reading, online homework and weekly assignments.) However, past year papers, supplementary exercises as well as quiz pool questions are provided, the workload is for one to decide.Basic concepts in discrete mathematics needed for the study of computer science: enumeration techniques, basic number theory, logic and proofs, recursion and recurrences, probability theory and graph theory. The approach of this course is specifically computer science application oriented.Clear and deep teaching. Has explanation for every steps of proof using power point slideThe course is easy for me because I have a good foundation on maths. If you studied M2 in HKDSE, then MI would not be difficult for you at all. The theories are easy to master if you practise enough.Raymond's accent may sound a little strong but he is really nice and he responses to email very fast. And he's scarily efficient, he sent our marks separately through emails only four hours after the final. His notes are very specific and the in-class exercises are very helpful. Most importantly, he gives out grade really generously. Strongly recommend registering to his course.The course is pretty hard for me because I don't have a good foundation on maths, and I didn't listen to the lecture very much, so I can't say too much about the content.Raymond's accent may sound a little bit monotonous but he is very nice and cute. And he's scarily efficient, he sent our marks separately through emails only four hours after the final. His notes are very specific and the in-class exercises are very helpful. Most importantly, he gives out grade really generously (also for COMP1942). Strongly recommend registering to his course.Several major topics:

1. Logic
Basically logics that you would have known even before you study this course. Remember to memorize the notations, which is the only difficult part in this topic.

2. Counting
nPr nCr , you probably had learnt out in secondary school.  

3. Probability
Quite advanced probability.  Some skills will be taught to make calculation easier.  However,it's still like you know it then you know it, you don't know it then you don't know it.

4. Remainder
Basic skill for encryption.  You will learn some method to compute it faster,  and you will learn how to decrypt message under standard RSA cryptosystem.

5. Induction
Based on mathematical induction, you will learn more advanced stuff for Big O calculation.Raymond is an excellent professor especially if you are a local student.  He can answer you in Cantonese and make explanation to topics much easier if you find him out of class.
Lecture notes are perhaps the best in ust. Well organized and a good summary for you to write your cheating sheet.
Though TA are quite useless in this class.Discrete mathematics for computer science.
- Logics
- modulus
- Probability
- Counting
- Recursion ...

The content of thie lecture is all about the diescrete mathematics that used in computer science (that might be the reason why this course has the code of COMP). Although the course name includes mathematics, it is quite different from the math that we have done before such as interations or differenciation. The content is pretty interesting.Prof. Nevin Zhang's lecture was always great and I attended most of lectures (95%). He was always well-prepared for every lecture with enough amount of example questions to explain the concepts. Another good thing about him is that his English is relatively fluent than other professors and the pronouciation is fine. (You can clearly understand what he says even in the recorded video) Also, he is always welcome to the questions from students. He also gives class weekly homework, which is graded, and this really helped me to keep on track during the course.CS discrete math
Logic, combinations, probability, cryptography (mod arithmetic, RSA algorithm etc.), recursion and big-O-notation.Very boring, which is of no surprise as it is a math course.

Attendance will be taken for the bonus system which is pretty much useless.There are five major parts in this course. They are:

Part I: Logic
Part II: Counting
Part III: Probability
Part IV: Cryptography
Part V:  Induction and Recursion

The contents are quite board, which involves calculations,  proofs, and induction.Poor. Bad slide design. Bad explanation and presentation. Around 100 students enrolled in the lecture section and in week 12/13, there were only about 10 - 20 students left.Quite useless course with a bad grade (4 credits); I recommend you to choose Elec2600 (or Comp2711H) if your major is CPEG. But if your goal is to maxmize the credit then this is your best choice.Skipped all the classes so have no idea about the profThe content is pretty good. Mainly 5 sections:
1. Logic
2. Counting
3. Probability
4. Cryptography
5. Induction and Recursion
Not very difficult. Might find probability questions to be difficult.I guess the way the course goes for you doesn't depend too much on the teaching. Practice is the only way. But yes, Nevin is a good prof and teaches well.It's a common core course and also a required course for cse student. Content includes counting, propositional logic, probability, RSA algorithm, Recursion and recurrence.  Professor Tai is really nice but I have to say the class itself is boring enough. The course just select several chapters of the textbook and they are not difficult which means that it doesn't worth 4 credits.I have to say Pro.Tai's voice really really flat , plus it's a 9 am class.....I couldn't help but sleep...Content covers basic counting, logic, probability, RSA algorithm, running time of algorithms (big O, big theta). Gets boring most of the time. If math is your thing, you'll enjoy the course in terms of content.Prof Nevin Zhang is a good professor, although he bores his students in the way things are taught. Maybe its the course content, not his fault.There are five main topic in total. The first three are basically a review of past knowledge. The RSA encryption system is very interesting but the professor didn't go deep into that topic.The professor was able to explain the problems very clearly  by using different examples and drawing vivid graphs.There are a total of five chapters- 1) Logic 2)Combinatorics 3) Probability 4) Number theory and 5) Recursion.

A lot of new concepts are introduced that are pretty hard to grasp. A lot of practice is required to fully understand the concepts. It is beneficial to revise the homework questions and solve questions in past papers before exams. It is important to be in track with the lectures as it is very hard to cover up once you've lagged behind.

The order of contents in the text-book is different and the types of questions given in the textbook is different from ones in exams and assignments. I didn't find it too useful.The professor explains the concepts very well and uses examples to illustrate. There is, however, little to no interaction in the class. Make sure you are in track with the content taught in class as it is impossible to do assignments if you're lagging behind.A lot of mathematical content that made me feels like it is a math course. Probabilities, Counting problems, MI,Raymond is a really good lecturer though may not good in english. He is passionate and helpful. Just feel free to ask him if you have any questions.Grade is not bad. Not absolute grading. Marking Process is very very efficient. You will know the result on the day of exam of 1 day after.Quiz every week that counts marks. Some tutorial sessions can talk during quiz while some cannot (treat as cheating). Pretty unfair.
No assignments.1. Introduction (e.g. feature extraction, supervised vs unsupervised learning, multi-class learning)

2. Linear Support vector machine (SVM)

3. nonlinear SVM (kernel)

4. overfitting (cross validation)

5. perceptron (AND/OR/XOR)

6. Adaptive linear element (adaline)
[HIGHLIGHT: stochastic gradient descent]

7. hidden units (nonlinear RBF, sigmoid unit, ReLU)

8. back-propagation

9. convolutional neural network (CNN, LeNet)

10. introduction to Reinforcement learning (Markov decision process)

11. policy and policy evaluation

12. policy iteration, value iteration

13. Q learning

14. generalization and function approximation

The rating is given as the content is hard. Please do not underestimate its difficulty. You may not easily build AlphaGo in a course just like Rome wasn't built in a day.

A lot more basic machine learning (ML) concepts, such as regularization, regression, rule-based learning/classification, Naive Bayes classification, kNN, k-means & hierarchical clustering, decision tree, random forest, hidden Markov model are not covered in this course because several lessons are cancelled. It is quite a pity that genetic algorithms, recurrent neural network (RNN) and LSTM are not included here.The professor is solemn in the class (although sometimes he makes fun in the class). The explanation is clear but he avoids answering questions that are not covered in the course materials. By the way, the PDF slides are quite old-fashioned. Do not skip classes if you have no understanding on machine learning before.When I took this course, the schedule is quite tight because some of the classes have to be cancelled due to holidays. The contents covered are as bellows.

1. Support vector machines
Linear SVM
Nonlinear SVM
overfitting
2. Artificial neural networks
perceptrons
adaline
MLP
hidden units
back-propagation
convolutional neural net
3. Unsupervised learning
clustering
principal component analysis
autoencoder
4. Reinforcement learning
policy
finding the optimal policy
policy iteration, value iteration
Q learning
generalization and function approximationHonestly speaking, Prof. Kwok's teaching is quite clear and structured. He explained the concepts of the algorithm with some examples, which is helpful for us to make sense of them. Even if you get lost in the middle of the class, you could easily catch up with him.

However, the lecture notes he used are a bit vague. Sometimes you need to focus in class in order to understand what the slides mean. And some of the examples he used may appear in the exams. So stay focused in class especially he would be trying to use some examples to explain the concepts.Topics covered include set theory and countability, formal languages, finite automata and regular languages, pushdown automata and context-free languages, Turing machines, undecidability, P and NP, NP completeness.
(Directly copied from the course info.)
Actually it is quite interesting, with a lot of theoretical things involved in. It will make an awesome COMP elective if you do not like coding.The lectures are really boring since the prof. is just reading the notes. But the tutorials are actually quite interesting. TA will pop up some interesting question every tutorial (that I attended, at least).Basically a coding course.
You will worry about the theory part only days before final.

what is in the 3 hour final:
80 MC (covering every corner details of the theory)
5 long questions (each with 3-5 questions; lots of math)CK cares about teaching but you will need to catch up with his speed.Interesting content. However, most of the content is derived from University of Washington's Computer Graphics course. Also, the content can be quite theoretical as well as mathematical.Prof. CK is a pretty fast talker and sometimes he does not really explain clearly what the content of the lecture notes mean. I find it more useful when I read the notes that have been annotated by the professors in the University of Washington. Despite the teaching style,  CK cares a lot about his students. If you are into computer vision/graphics, you can stick to him for mentoring purposes.You learn how the internet works and how computers communicate with each other. The course covers the five Internet layer stack and teaches from the top to bottom (except the lowest one physical layer). There might be some extra contents such as wireless networking, security, etc. and you might also learn something about hacking.
About 90% concepts and 10% probabilities. Some stuff from COMP3711, 3511, and MATH2411 are also there. Four written assignments and one programming project. Then midterm and final.
Programming project was quite challenging. Basically you need to make a multi-threaded server-client using java from scratch (no skeleton).Teachings are good. The instructor actively asks for feedback during the lectures. The TA is also easily approachable.Mostly theoretical. Some concepts watered down for better understanding. Practical applications not apparent so it doesn't seem that interesting.

Syllabus
Principles of computer network architectures and communication protocols

The OSI reference model

Switching and multiplexing techniques

Data link, network, transport and application layers

LAN and medium access protocols

Network programmingThe prof explains content well. She makes an effort to go deep yet keep stuff digestible for students. She also discusses relevant research if time allows, which  makes things interesting.Layers: app, trans, network/internet, link
4621 dicussed all layers, which involves simple calculcation. Student who get C+ in MATH1014 should find no difficuties in understanding the logic.

algorithm: dijkstra, bellman ford
These are the algorithm used in discussing routing algorithms, which are easy as they are just steps to follow. No variety.

Most of the content is concrete and you just have to memorise them. This course mainly discussed on HOW the internet protocol is enforced rather than WHY.

But the content is rather insufficient in my opinion.Kai is acceptable. The pace is slow but not in depth.
The tutorial is less then enough. TAs are not bad and in fact they are good at teaching concepts.Interesting course, not too much difficult technical stuff about music for a non-music background. But basically listening to assignment audios in the class. Project-based course. Provide students with hands-on experiences in creating music and soundtracks with a wide range of emotional characteristics for a variety of situations in computer games and videos.The professor is very enthusiastic and knowledgeable about music.The course begins with basic contents, from waveforms, acoustics, and to the tools used(CSound/PVan) to analyze/synthesize sounds.
Really easy to follow and most of the contents taught will be practiced through lab sessions using CSound.
When it gets to FM/AM synthesis and wavetables, it may be easy for ones with electronic musical background but for those without any musical background, there are tons of youtube tutorials explaining such concepts so it shouldn't be too hard.
Applications of such knowledge to real music production is minimal. These are mostly theoretical parts and mostly aren't used in fields such as music production(but maybe in research?)The professor is quite chill, will answer any questions you may have. When asking questions related to computer music but outside of class coverage, he will gladly provide any reading materials he can find.
Most contents are very basic and only scratches on the surface of computer music so I cannot comment on how well such knowledge is taught. Just ppt slides will not be enough to understand the concepts though.Dekai's interest lie in natural language processing, and that really shows in this class. A ton of AI techniques are introduced, but they are usually in the context of translation or processing languages. People that have taken the course have probably heard "Time flies like an arrow" or "Fruit flies like an apple" a billion times. (BTW in case "fruit flies like an apple" doesn't make sense to you, a fruit fly is a type of fly.) There is also some random Chinese thrown in there sometimes, but it's not strictly necessary to know it to understand the class. It'll just increase enjoyment of the material somewhat.

There are two major topics in AI: searching/updating and knowledge representation. For searching/updating, you'll revise naïve search methods (BFS, DFS, Dijkstra's) and then be introduced to heurstic search, EM algorithms, forward backward algorithms, Knuth's algorithm, etc. For knowledge representation, you begin with hidden Markov models (HMMs) and then weighted finite state automata (WFSAs), unrolled HMMs and FSAs, progressing to AND/OR graphs and finite state grammars (FSGs). There is also a small taste of inversion transduction grammars.

Oh and because it's Dekai you also have Scheme thrown in there randomly in the beginning.If you can't tell, I'm a big fan of Dekai's teaching style. He's really enthusiastic and is willing to force students to break that mold of "never asking questions" a lot. He will try his best to force you to speak in his class. His classes have a sort of "American" atmosphere to them, if that makes sense.

He also loves going on tangents related to his research, and he loves functional programming and cool things. He also makes use of the whiteboard a lot, which really beats the "reading the powerpoint" professors. I'm sure you know which ones I'm talking about.AI basic--search, learning...and finally the logic basic. Some videos on youtube is useful when learning this course. No other material is needed. The powerpoint is enough to learn this course.the content is from other school and the prof just copy them and teach them to us. But some videos in the powerpoint can make it easier to learn.Very interesting content - up-to date and relevant, with a good mix of theory and mathematics. Not very difficult to understand the content.Teaching can be slow, but there are a lot of online materials to help. Lecturer is helpful if anyone has any questions.Generous grading with the midterm - average score was above 90. Most assignments are quite easy to get good marks.Not too much workload. Short assignments every couple of weeks, with one group project with a presentation and a report at the end of the semester.We need to do a Moblie Application Project. It needs a  proposal, a UI design, an application prototype and architecture designs for front-end and back-end.They will teach some basic knowledge about mobile applications. But, I like this project-based teaching and learning experience.The content is very wide, from AI to recursion to search engine works to cryptography.
You will also learn a simple programming language called Scratch, developed by MIT, which is for babies and kids, So as a university student, you should be able to handle it easily, especially if you are Computer Science student.
The content is in huge amount, but if you don't mind to memorize them, it will be a piece of cake for you. remember, the final examination includes calculation.Dr. Li is a kind teacher, and she will try to warm up the atmosphere by showing videos, which is pretty fun. However, her class is a bit boring and I almost slept in all her class.The content is very broad, from AI to recursion to how search engine works. Also, you will learn a simple programming language called Scratch. The content is kind of hard, but if you don't mind to memorize them, it will be a piece of cake for you. remember, the final examination includes calculation.Not a fun class.... Miss Xin is a kind teacher, and she will try to warm up the atmosphere by showing videos, which is pretty fun,. however, overall her class is very boring. To be honest, sometimes I even wanted to sleep during the class.The course cover many computing topics, easy for students with computing background to understand. The content is very basic and is easy to follow.The lecturer gives a thorough understanding of each topic taught in the course. The labs almost cover every aspect of the assignment.Many students are from computer science stream. Therefore, they are in advantage when doing the examination.The workload is high, but manageable. It has 2 home works and 2 programming project. One programming project is group-based, it has to submit paper report, scratch program, video and live presentation. The final examination is open book so easy to score in.The course cover many computing topics, which is difficult to catch up for students have no computing background. It require in-depth understanding on the topic.The lecturer is quite demanding. Teaching is a bit fast for students have no computing background.Many students are from computer science stream. Therefore, they are in advantage when doing the examination.The workload is high. It has to do 2 homeworks 2 programming project. One programming project is group-based, it has to submit paper report, scratch program, video and live presentation. The homework need to be search online and is quite vague in nature.The courses introduces you about some general topics in computer science such as artificial intelligence, data mining, cryptography, web search, etc.

Within each topic, you learn about the important underlying theories (just a brief introduction, not in depth), the application of those theories in real world and the current state of development of the fields.Dr. Li speaks English very clearly and slowly, so it is very easy to follow the lectures and understand the content right in class.

Besides, Dr. Li also include many interesting videos in her lectures, although they concentrate at the end.The content was dry, but appropriate for the course and the PowerPoints are of an efficient level of detail both for learning and for revision.The course is well taught; enthusiastically and in good English. Tao is clearly interested in his field and this shines through in his positive demeanor and in taking the time to take extra questions and discussions on after class and by email.The content is somewhat boring as it is all principles and not much application. However, its a good primer if you want to get into the cybersecurity field and just general IT knowledge.His English is great and he does a wonderful job explaining ideas and sharing stories. I enjoyed class when I went to it and never fell asleep like I do for most engineering classes.Mainly about:
- Cyber attacks
- Encryption
- Defence of attacks
- Intellectual Property

It is a plus that the lecture material are very up-to-date. They are not old attacks or text-book like examples. The professor includes many new exmples.- Many interesting stories, good examples and illustrations.Only about 40% of the course content is covered by shell/bash scripting and Unix OS architecture, which was pretty disappointing. Rest of it consists of programming in Perl. Perl is a bit of a dying language, but is still a great tool when it comes to text processing and several other things. Nevertheless, the course content is pretty well organized and especially if you have prior programming experience, is easy to follow. The programming level is not too high and those who have at least finished the 1XXX COMP courses without struggling too much would find it easy.

EDIT: It has been a year since I took the course and I still return to Perl and the things we were taught on a regular basis. Perl is not great for larger projects but it has this hacky charm where you can write practical scripts merely in a line or two and with great bash integration. E.g. I used the things I learnt to periodically scrape my course websites to fetch lecture materials automatically. Also I made the switch to using a GNU/Linux based OS full time without Windows.Professor is pretty good, explains all the concepts well and attempts to crack jokes in class from time to time(although sad to say, the students rarely laughed). Not her fault but the nature of the content is often dry and there's not much that can be done.70% Perl, 30% Sheel script (UNIX)
Don't be fooled by the course description, it is majorly Perl. Study it before lesson, it is good for you.

The lectures are not taken so you may skip them if you are already very familiar with shell scripts. The basic functions of shell scripts are very useful when you are dealing with Ubuntu, or working under Ubuntu, i.e. taking COMP3111 and have to do Karma testing. Those basic functions such as piping, grep, input-ouput with <,>, really helps.Li Xin is pretty clear on the lecture materials. Although when some students ask her some trivial questions, she will need some more preparation. I'm sure if you ask her questions in office hour she will answer more fully.No CommentThroughout this course, you would be learning variety of contents, such as UNIX system, Regular Expression, Perl, PHP and some more. To me, these contents were very new and useful, although I struggled to catch up the course material and lecture because I did not have any background knowledge about most of these concepts.Professor Li Xin was quite straightforward in her lecture, and her pronunciation was pretty good. However, the lab section was quite difficult to me, because its content was quite challenging. (If you have enough background knowledge about all the contents, the lab section would be easy to you)The course will start with Unix, teaching history (not required) and basic Unix command. Then there are regex and PHP.
All of the content are not quite deep, but it often covers very detailed part in the exam, so the area is pretty large.Lectures are very boring and long, it is quite wise to skip all of them, except the presentation part as it counts attendance. Lab sections are not only boring, but also pretty useless. Sometimes the TA just ask you to visit online tutorial to learn by yourself (which is in fact not a bad way to learn, but you can do that at home).Despite the course title, 60% of the course is about PHP development. This years marks the switch of this course from Perl to PHP, which is actually an improvement given the popularity of PHP over Perl these days.
PHP: file operations, form handling
Unix: utilities, shell programming, regexQuite boring, due to the fact that each lecture is 2 hours long. I find it easier to study the notes (e.g. PHP syntax) by myself at home though this is a matter of personal preferences.

9am labs make the situation worse, especially when the TA decides to send an email at 3am on the same day reminding you to go to a lab about "Web development essentials", then simply reads out stuff from W3Schools for you.The content ranges from very easy to moderate, and although VBA isn't really a widely used programming language, the programming concepts are transferable. Could suggest to have more content.Mr Rossiter is very active teacher and teaches effectively, through the use of simple language, demonstration, and humour.

Rossiter best teacherThe contents are mainly very useful for business students to deal with statistics and other graphs in the future, but it may be a bit too easy for engineering students, especially for those who would like to take major in Computer Science and Engineering.Gibson is really a wonderful instructor! He does an excellent job in activating the whole class and arousing your interest in programming. The examples and questions he made in class are simple but important. And the lab work/homework are all very interesting! For example, we are asked to program an AI mental counselor and a piano that we could actually play by using the mouse. It's great fun playing with your own program><First few week= basic usage of the worksheet & the functions
Weeks after=VBA

I think it's very useful for business school student. I find the examples and lecture notes extremely helpful. The content before midterm is quite easy. As long as you listen,it will be fine.

I think it's not challenging for SENG freshmen, especially those who want to major in CS or CPEG, better choose the other 2.I think both lecturers are nice and patient. They try to teach in a fun way and always give fun examples. To compare, David asks more questions while Cecia explains the logic of the code more slowly(so sometimes David teaches faster and give harder examples).

For enrollment, maybe David's class's waitlist is longer and harder to get in. So you may choose Cecia's lecture, and go to whatever lecture you like.

I enjoyed the lectures. Better bring your laptop to class to try the new things.Oops, better charge your computer before class! Coz there are no sockets in the classroom.Kind of easy, I had never been learning anything about Excel VBA before I attended this course, but I could still handle most of the contents by just participating in the lectures.
But it could be too easy for those who do have programming background, topics included are things like cell formulas, LOOKUP, Looping, Subroutines and Macros.

For the textbook, I do suggest you to buy one if you could, as it is quite useful, especially when you are preparing for the mid term and final exam.Cecia is a great lecturer I have to say, the lectures were always interesting, although both lectures are at 9:30 and I was not staying at the hall, I did attend most of the lectures.
For the TA, the one who taught me was Chau Chuck jee, just following his instructions during the lab sessions, and you will get 40% mark easily even before you take the final exam. Besides, both of them are willing to teach and answer all question inside and outside the classroom.Excel with vba, it is very easy.
The first few weeks are about excel and are very easy. You can just skip them if you want. But after the midterm, the things are all vba and you better attend the lessons.The professor is very funny and his teaching is good.
He can express the content well in every lessons.easy
The first few weeks is about the basic usage of excel and after is about VBA.
Need to pay more attention on the VBA for those who don't have programming backgroundRossiter is a funny lecturer. He makes the lecture interesting.
He always asks question , it is easy to get bonus points  in his lecture. You can wear some eye-catching clothing so that he will choose you to answer question in every lectureBasic Excel knowledge in the first half
Basic VBA Operation in the next half.
No need to read textbook if u do the labs youself
something like cell formulas, LOOKUP, Looping, Subroutines and Macros will be taught
Remember to go to lab because they will teach u how to do for the whole labInteresting examples demonstrated
funny instructor
not very clear English but understadableThis is about Excel and programming.
Before mid-term, it talks about Excel. It will teach you how to use some basic function of Excel, like function, cell and some simple programming.
After mid-term, it will talk about programming. It is a little bit difficult, but if you do those assignment and take the lecture, it is still easy to understand.
The content is very easy.The instructor is very funny, he likes to ask questions which will add marks to your grading. He teaches very well and I enjoy his lecture.The beginning of the class is about the basic thing of excel.
And latter will focus on VBA which is quite hard but it will be ok if you can understand it.He is a funny professor and very nice.one mid-term and one final exam (open book and notes)
some questions are related to the lab so it is important for you to attend the lab session.no homework, only need to hand-in lab assignment which will be taught in the lab session and you can finish it after attending the lab and hand it in through canvas.. therefore, the workload is quite light.VBA
Macros
Excel Functions

Open book midterm and finalRossiter is very energetic and lively.
very interactive to all students and willing to answer questions.

the TAs in the lab are also friendly and willing to helpThis course teaches some common formulae you may use in Excel, which can be useful for your future career. You can also learn how to do Excel by VBA, a little bit like programming, you can control what you want and Excel can run for it automatically.

You actually don't need to memorise the formulae, as you can take any paper notes to the mid-term and final exam.

The content is manageable if you work hard on it.Rossiter's lecture is REALLY FUNNY, actually you won't find it boring when attending his lesson. His speech always make us laugh, and always ask questions(marks will be added if you answer them correctly), the communication between students and the professor is great. His voice will definitely attract your attention, and the learning atmosphere is quite well.the language taught in the course (VBA) is not difficult, can be easily understood by student without any programming background as well as you pay attention in class.Rossiter's lessons are interesting. His english is easy to follow and the examples covered in the lessons explain the concept well. Some of those examples appear in midterm and final.Excel functions and VBA codes. All of them are very useful. The functions can help you to finish tasks in excel easily which is very handy when you need to input lots of data and do calculation. VBA codes are even more powerful, they can let you create games in excel, there is a lab which let us create a virtual piano by VBA codes in excel. All in all, the content is useful and interesting.Rossiter is very funny, there will be a lot of jokes in the lecture. He will also ask questions to keep you focus, you can even get bonus marks if you get them right. He also explained the concepts well and made them easy to understand. Great lecturer.The contents involve the basic knowledge about Excel worksheet, some useful formulas, and VBA codes. It's quite easy to understand even if you don't have any in-depth knowledge about Excel.The professor is really nice and funny.This course teaches basic excel like how to insert formula and some VBA which are easy to handle
Lectures and labs are not compulsory and lecture videos are uploaded before finals
Both midterm and final are openbook but make sure you understand the logicThe professor is knowledgeable about excel and VBA and is very funny.  He can create a great learning atmosphere
The TAs for the lab sessions are very helpful and are willing to answer any questions regarding the lab or even help you fix bugsEasy programming language.
Teach simple Excel command in the very beginning.
It's easy in mid term.
Even exam is not difficult.Gibson is fun and he is great lecturer.
His teaching is fun and useful.
You won't fall asleep in his lessons.A very good grade course. Even lower than mean can still get B range.
Really EXTREMELY good grade.Only two homework.
One mid term.
One exam.
ALL open book.
No group project, but has lab. Lab is simple too. TAs will help you and answers your questions.Covers basic VBA language and a little more advanced programming logic, including objects in object-oriented programming and recursion. ICT students / those who have programming experience can definitely get an A range. A lot of ICT students take this course cause it's so easy for them. However, others may need to spend more time understanding programming concepts, so the grade distribution is rather unfair on some levels. Remember to ask for help.
I studied ICT as an elective for DSE, and since my then teacher made us write programs from scratch, I'm already very familiar with programming language and logic. Besides the first 2-3 lectures, I skipped all the others and still got an A.Rossiter is a very nice professor with great sense of humour. He makes sure the class can follow by talking slowly and using simple words, cause he knows programming can seem very difficult for beginners. He's very willing to answer your questions after lectures. It's always fun to attend his lectures.
Gibson was my TA for the lab sessions. He also talks through the labs in moderate speed and makes sure we can follow. Since labs only last for 1-2 hours, if you can't follow, you can always ask for help anytime without difficulty.
Rossiter says that it's necessary to buy his book, but I think it's optional. His lecture PowerPoints are definitely enough.The course first covers basic things in Excel, and then Macro, and then real VBA programming. The things taught at the very beginning are quite easy but it got more difficult as the class moved on. It is not as easy as described by the majority of opinion here.The professor is a very fun professor and able to create a nice learning environment. He could get serious sometimes though, like he would feel annoyed if you keep talking. Once I saw him directly ask students to stop talking. And he also didn't like ring tones in class, which he would talk about in the very first lesson. Some people his pace is too slow, while I think it's a bit faster than I can handle well.The content is quite rich. My first programming language is not Excel VBA, but the programming concepts are very similar. I think the hardest thing for most of the people is just the weird syntax of Excel VBA, recursion, object-oriented programming and the difference between "procedure" and "function". So if you don't know programming, don't register this course unless you are a diligent person and willing to figure out many new concepts or have a friend who knows programming so you can seek help anytime. If you know programming and just want to have some good grade yet low workload course, this will be your best choice without any regrets. Trust me :)Rossiter David is really good at teaching and drawing your attention. He always starts lessons with "OK, Let's begin!!!" and often use funny metaphor eg "Your grandma wants to know what the program is doing!" or "Your grandma is so exciting that she is jumping up and down!!" Above are just some bullshit but I'm really impressed, sorry :)
But if you are confused by the content of lessons, you can drop down questions and ask him after class. He is very patient and willing to answer all of your questions from my own experience.1. Simple Equation for excel
2. Simple VBA format
It is fun when you can copy the code at the lab session and see your code become something meaningful. But i don't think this course can help you a lot.It's fun at David's lesson. He gives lots of questions for student to answer and mentions the common mistakes. Bonus mark is given for those who can answer his question.The mid-term and final exam questions are similar with those in past papers and sample questions during lectures. Highly recommended to attend lectures, very useful.

Suitable for those who have never learnt any programming language. The materials are quite useful and fundamental.many sample questions during lectures. Similar questions will appear in mid-term and final exam. Better go to the lectures (50 min only)the excel part is easy but VBA part is a little hard if you are not well in coding or C language.David teach really well, funny and teach complex concept in simple waytoo many people are good in computer science aspect knowledge, so if you are not best of the best or good enough, you grade will be relatively low, maybe c range when you get 60 out of 100only weekly labs are required. all the lab can be finish during lessons, and the instruction of the lab is simple and  easy to understand, make sure you get more than 90% in the lab part.Simple programming logic, how to use Excel functions and write basic VBA code. It is a popular course among students with no background in programming, as the codes written are very simple and even looks like English paragraphs. You learn basic stuff like If-Else arguments and For-To-Step loops, and some recursion. Not that difficult actually, if you try understanding the codes on your own instead of blindly following the instructions.

You can get good grades easily if you already have some basic understanding in programming, but if you have that knowledge and want a course with a difficulty more suitable, then go for COMP1021 to learn about Python. However, if you want a definite A+, stay here and enjoy a relaxing course haha :o)Rossiter is a great teacher. Funny and lively teaching which makes it difficult to fall asleep in lesson albeit the late lesson time. He asks review questions by choosing random people (on the basis of colour of clothes or the row you are sitting in), and if you answer it correctly, you get an additional 0.4 mark to your overall score. Sometimes he makes jokes like "Oh your grandma wants to know how this code works, but your explanation was bad so your grandma is now very sad. :(" His explanation is very clear and easy to follow and he is a very helpful instructor.

The lab instructor was also very helpful even though his pace of teaching was pretty slow, possibly due to the number of students who have no programming background in this course. You can jump ahead of the progress and leave whenever you want.Useful stuff for people who do not have computer science background such as writing excel formula, writing VBA codes,loops and recursion
The midterm and final do not requires you to write too many codes but just a few lines of code and some mc questions
Midterm 20%
Final 40%
Lab 40%
Midterm will not be counted if counting final with heavier percentage can give you a better result,then the percentage :
Final 60%
Lab 40%
Lab is quite important compared to the midtermVery funny teacher,he makes some funny sounds and jokesThe course introduces fundamentals of programming. In my opinion, the course is so well designed that even students without background would enjoy themselves.Prof. Rossiter's teaching is vivid and on point. He made tricky concepts easy to understand with a lot of examples and questions during classes.excel ,VBA,logic
difficulty: easy to moderate
be very careful with the question in midterm and final
usually the answer makes sense
For example, I found 2 answers in a very long question in final,  "ce" and "dance", I chose "dance" and it is the right onequite funny, not boring
They have bonus questions every lecture i think (count to the final score)
I skip half of lectures but I recommend you not toThe first few lectures was about basic excel techniques
e.g. cell functions, absolute/relative reference, copy/paste cell formulas
Then more on VBA
From something like IF THEN to LOOP to RECURSION
It didn't required any knowledge on programming languages
I think it helps for beginners to develop a sense of programming.There were lectures and labs.
I have only attended the first three lectures of Cecia.
I don't mean to be offensive but it felt like wasting time on trivial things which slowed down the teaching process significantly.
It turned out, at least for me, self-learning on lecture notes was more time efficient.
The TAs in labs were helpful and patient.
When exams were coming, there were optional TA sections for you to ask questions about the course's content.started with basic excel cell formulas like SUM, AVERAGE
then go into deep into the hidden function in excel, the VBA programming.
can figure out the usage of most lines of code right from its "spelling"
quite easy to follow if you are a logical person, who can figure out how to use the gadgets yourself, but if you are the kind of person who has to ask the others how to use window, this might not be an easy course for youHe is a hilarious person
Very presentive, easily understand if paid attention
Got his own website(not using canvas), useful examples shownThe course is basically about the Excel features and programming by using VBA.

There is a course book.The professor will give a lot of working examples to illustrate the content. There would be lecture questions in every lecture and the professor would randomly pick students to answer the questions. All materials in the lecture would be uploaded on the web.

The content in the lecture is generally easy to understand. Although the content is easy to understand, students without programming background would find a bit hard to think of the answer in the examination. The professor also said that some students need time to get used to this kind of thinking.The professor always ask questions to allow us to take an active role in the class. He always make jokes in the lectures and making the lectures a funny one.The course is well set.
The exam questions are not straight forward to me.
I remember they examine 4-5 labs in final exam. I get poor grade because of forgetting to print two of the lab answers and the final review questions...Totally 0 mark there (already 20 marks lost)...
I can hardly understand the exam questions...
The only course I took: OPEN NOTES/BOOKS!
However, I think it is more and more difficult than other course I take... Maybe it is just me....Not bad. Understandable accent.
The video is recorded. I watch it at home.
I attend nearly all lectures before midterm exam; while I find that there is no difference between watching the lecture videos at home and attending the class.

I find it difficult to follow because I seldom use computers coz I never play games and use excel. I only use wordpad in the past...

Advice to you all: Never Buy a Mac if you need a new laptop. I don't know if it affects your study coz I find Mac has some disadvantages especially opening VBA files and running the macros....Starts with Excel in the first few weeks and then moves on to VBA in the rest of the course. Covers basic formulas and programming in VBA, quite useful in daily applications. But if you are a good student you may find the materials a little bit too easy, so for those who like challenges, they should take 1021 OR 1022P instead.Rossiter is really a nice professor, he gives interesting lectures and replies email very quickly.not really hard to follow, need logic and be aware of detailsnice&funny, yet kinda waste of time
randomly pick students to answer lecture questionsnot good for lazy students, effort still need to be paid, but mainly decided by intelligence, carefulness and sense. not that good graded as said. You are required to act like a computer during exam/mt to process the codes, pretty dumb to me, like requiring no calculator can be used during maths exam. i mean, come on, are we still in the 80's of something?!suggest to go to lad sections, DON'T type any code aside from what you've been told, otherwise receive 1-5 marks deduction.This course is totally focused on the Microsoft Excel
program, which is part of the Microsoft Office group

There are 3 introductory courses run by the CSE
department that anyone can join
• Each of them teaches computer programming and
related techniques, but there are some differences:
• COMP1021 Introduction to Computer Science
– Teaches the Python programming language, which is a
really good language for learning programming
– It looks at some areas of computer science (CS) that
the other two courses don’t look at, to get a better
appreciation of CS

• COMP1022P Introduction to Computing with Java
– A lot of computer languages think about things as objects
– This course focusses on teaching the concept
of objects and how they interact using the Java
programming language

• COMP1022Q Introduction to Computing
with Excel VBA
– This course is totally focused on the Microsoft Excel
program, which is part of the Microsoft Office group
– First, students learn how to use Excel (without
programming), then they learn how to program it

The notes will be released on the web site before
the lecture, so you have time to download (and
print them if you like) and bring them to class

On successful completion of this course,
students are expected to be able to:
1. Manipulate and visualize data using
Microsoft Excel
2. Program using the VBA language within
Microsoft Excel to build effective
solutions to problems

Sometimes we’ll ask questions during the lecture
sessions
• If you answer correctly, you’ll get an extra 0.4%
added to your end of semester final mark
• (This is simply added on top of the other marks)

Exams Quite hard.Passionate.
Always asking questions.-background information of excel, e.g. cell formulas,errors and some useful excel tools
-excel VBA programming, e.g. macros, looping, functions and subroutinesGibson is very nice and his lectures are very interesting. he uses funny examples and asks questions every lesson to let students understand more easily.Excel formula, which is quite easy, will be taught in the first few lectures. For the remaining lectures, VBA, which is easy to handle.Gibson is a great instructor. He is interesting and makes a good atmosphere in the class. He is also willing to answer students' question.It is a good grade course. Two assignments, one mid-term exam and final exam. You can take your notes and books in the exams. If you get full marks in two assignments and almost 90% in final exam, you can get A range.Small workload. Only two assignments. Both of them are easy if you follow the instruction in lab and make some changes.This course is designed to equip students with the fundamental concepts of programming using the VBA programming language, within the context of the Microsoft Excel program. Students will first learn how to use Excel to analyze and present data, and will then learn how to use VBA code to build powerful programs.There are some bonus questions during lessons. Some bonus points are added if you answer them correctly.
No attendance but you should not skip lab sessions. Lab sessions will teach you to finish the lab step by step. It is useful for exams. You may ask questions and TA will give you hints.Only about some basic stuff of Excel and VBA. It is easy to follow if you studied ICT in DSE.Teaching is nice and clear, and the TAs are very helpful.The grading is very good. Both my midterm and final are above mean for 1.5 sd, and I got an A in this course.
Mid term and final are very easy, as you got cheatsheet. And as long as you understand the logic and copy the lab work onto your cheatsheet, you will get high mark easily.Very light workload, no attendance taking. If you  attend all the LAB session, you basically get a full mark in your homework, as the TAs are willing to help when you face difficulties.first few lessons: Excel formula (not difficult at all)
rest of the time: VBA
clear powerpoint with different examples.His lessons are more interesting than most of the lectures. He is so friendly and always answer students' questions after class. Lecture videos are available online, but still many attend the lessons. No attendance taking.Materials are easy to follow except the last chapter about recursion. Content is useful for workplace as most of the companies prefer automation. First half of the course is focusing on Excel functions which has already been covered in ICT if you study ICT as electives back in secondary school. With the help of VBA, statistical reports and analysis can be automatically generated simply by writing VBA codes. This course can be a good starting point to learn VBA.The lecturer is very passionate while tutors are helpful when students are in doubt. Tutors are very responsive to emails as well. You can write them emails if you can't understand the concepts mentioned in lecture/ lab session.First 3-4 weeks:
Formula, functions about excel

Start from week 5:
VBAGibson is funny and good at teaching.
The lesson is not boring and very interactive.
Very detailed ppt
with lecture video so you can watch the video again if you forget some parts of the contentThis course covers the basics of Excel. In the first few lessons, lecturer talked about very simple operations in using Excel, properly you had learnt all that in primary school. Later, after introducing VBA, things get more difficult. You had better make sure you understand the basics of VBA code, or you will get into troubles later on in more advance codes.

There was a lab session in the course. I never go to the lab, since it didn't take attendance.Gibson got a sense of humor, never get bored in his lessons. He explained the concepts quite clearly, you will understand what he is doing even you know nothing about VBA.USEFUL but basicThe course teaches some basic functions of Excel and Excel VBA. The contents are rather easy. Since the lecture notes are in great detail, you can get a good grade even if you do not attend the lectures.The professor is really kind. She answers all your questions without any impatience. If there is something that she can not answer immediately, she will figure it out and email you later. However, the lecture is a bit boring. Maybe it's to simple?basic knowledge about excel and simple programming that work in excelhe always do some examples for us when he is teaching. also he explain all the things so clear.good grade. midterm and final allows you to bring all notes and book. if you dont know how to do, it is easy for you to search answer from book and notes. also there are some questions based on the assignments you have done, so it is very easy for you to answer those question.there are 3-4 assignments in total. they are all relatively easy to complete. you can follow the instruction and notes to finish the assignment step by step.
also there are labs helping you to do the assignments.-background information of excel,excel VBA
-excel formula
-excel VBA programming
-regular tab to teach assignments' contentGibson is fun and nice. The learning environment is relaxing and interesting.teach you about excel vba, teach excel functions at the beginning then combine with excel VBA.
teach you the basic concepts about a program and the basic operation of them such as loop, input and output, class, etc.
also teach you some useful and practical excel functions which you can apply in workplace.
labs are optional and just help you apply the knowledge taught into practice.
feel bored if you study ICT in high schoolI was pre reg to Cecia, she didn't teach so well but she is quite helpful. Then I skipped all her lessons and go to Gibson's class, should be better than before. Gibson is funny and explains complicated concepts quite well.There are a few lessons covering excel basics and the rest is about VBA. The languages are easy to understand for application so if you have completed the homework, it would be easy.The teaching is clear but it is a bit boring.from basic use of excel to basic VBA programming. Most of them are simple techniquesInteresting professor, but the speed of teaching is kind of too fast3 labs (mean usually not less than 95/100)
1 midterm exam (mean around 75/100)
1 final exam
All open book and notes
the result of midterm exam can be excluded if you get a higher score in the final exam (situation may be different in different semester)3 labs, you do most of the parts in the lab session where the TA will give almost all the instructions. However, the take-home part is relatively difficult if you do not have any interest in VBA programming. I've spent over 15 hours for the last lab.Not too much content, if you have studied ICT in secondary school, it will not be a big problem. However, some people may find it hard to understand if they don't have any experience with programming or coding.
1 Midterm
1 Final
2 AssignmentIt's OK, but i only attend the first few lectures.Useful vba skills that might apply to daily use. Very important for business student in particular. Summer term material contains less knowledge than normal term.Easy to understand but sometimes really slow. Since it is a common core, the course level remains at introduction level.Really good. Most of the people got a range. The exams are open book, no need for memorization.The workload of this course is trivial. The assignment is easy and the lab is basically teaching you how to to the lab work step by step.so easy
learning so easy code
you don't need to remember the code as the exam is open book
the excel code is quite useful also
there are 3 homework that you have to complete, but the topic in the HW won't be covered in the exam (at least in the fall semester of 2016)  , just focus on the lecture notes/ textbook is fine.Excel,VBA
It is more easier in excel which is only about the code apply in excel
VBA is hard if you do don't have any programming knowledge
You must attend lab although it does not require taking attendance, but it can help you revise what you have learntRossiter is funny in his teaching, he could use more funny example or funny tone that will mot make the lesson boring or make you sleepy.
TA are so nice, they are helpful to help you complete your homework and during lab even there are so manny studentsThe content is about how to use excel and excel vba to write program.

The contents are easy.Teaching is very clear and easy to understand.Very good grading as long as u undestand all the contents. Both mid term and Final are quite easy. Attend all the classes.

Video class is also available.Only 3 assignments and midterm and final.

The assignments are easy as long as you attend all the labs because all assignments are based on the labs. All you need is to write few lines of code.Basic but useful knowledge of excel and vba. The course provide us with some skills of using shortkeys of excel and many cell and vba functions. Other than the lecture notes, the course provides many excel examples which illustrating the functions and programs taught.The teaching atmosphere is good and david's teaching style is funny and enthusiastic when comparing with other tutors.1 mid term (optional) and 1 final (both open book)
lab sessions are optional
3 assignment in total (related to lab)
Course book is not a must to buy
Content are shown clear in lecture notes (similar to book)
David ROSSITER is better than Cecia !!!Lessons are quite fun
but mostly just demonstration
better read notes by urself (notes are excellent)
TA in lab sessions are willing to solve ur problem and very nice
CHAU Chuck Jee (TA) is goodEasy but practical skills are learnt. It will be great if you attend lab and have lecture videos.
You will learn how to use cell formulas and easy VBA coding. You should also see the book written by instructors which he will tell you to buy or you may borrow from the library.Interesting and funny. But the content is somehow easy and teaching quite garrulous.Quite easy.
All about excel, you can skill the beginning lessons if you are familiar with excel.
I skip some of lessons and I am still able to catch up the progress of lectures.Good teaching skills with funny jokes.
Notes are very detail, you can understand easily even without having lessons.It is suitable for any people who are interested in programming, or simply want to learn how to use Microsoft Excel in a more advanced way.
Basic Contents include:
Excel Introduction
Excel formula

VBA part:
VBA introduction
Basic coding concepts like
if...then...else statement,  
variables,
using excel formula by VBA
object
array
recursion
etc.
the course will introduce these topic with understandable examples, so it is really good for coding beginnersRossiter, David is a really good instructor, at least you will not feel so boring during lectures, the TAs are also really helpful during the lab sessions. They can just ensure you understand everything if you ask whenever you find something that cannot be understood.basic excel skill and some vba teaching, lecture notes are clear enough, don't need to go lecture in first few class. If you dont have any idea on vba skills, better go to the lecture and you will have a better understanding.David is a funny prof., alway makes the class laugh. he shows many example in what he is teaching so you will have a clear idea on the content.simple excel formula and vba code
can learn by yourself easily simply reading the notes

the content is just much simpler than comp1022p

content is useful for your future
it is much easier to catch up if you have learn act in secondary school

The syllabus includes:
- An introduction to Excel
- Simple Cell Formulas
- Basic Excel VBA Programming
- Making decisions with VBA
- VBA Loops
- GUI Handling
- Functions, Subroutines
- Cell Functions in VBA
- Object-Oriented programming
- Recursion
- ArraysDavid's lesson is much interesting than the others.
Cecia is just reading the note,quite boringgeneral programming and exal skills. also included little advanced exal knowledge, like GUI control

for the programming skills, if you have learn programming before, you will found it very easy as almost all are taught in DSE curriculum.interesting lesson, included many example taught (no matter exal skill or vba programming)
Rossiter have a passion on teaching VBA so it is good to attain the lecture.The content is easy to understand and require only simple logical sense. The content comes steps by steps and it's easy to follow too if you skipped any lessons.
If you have problems following the content, there are some follow-up session every two weeks, he will revise the content there and give simple exercise to let students be familiar with the contentTeaching is good, but sometimes will make minor mistakes. The flow is smooth and atmosphere is good.
Sometime he makes bad jokes, but not very awkward.The content is useful. The course mainly teaches formulas in Excel. The knowledge taught in this course makes your work with Excel really easy.The lecture is funny and relaxing.The grading is a little better than average. But the mean is high. Therefore, you need to get a really high mark in order to get an A range.The workload of this course is very light. If you attend all the lectures and labs, you will understand all the knowledge and you will be able to finish all the exam questions easily.You will learn about excel and VBA from the course. There are 4 assignments, midterm and final exam in the course. This time, we can have a choice to choose whether we go to have the midterm exam or not. If you go, then it will be counted.The instructor is good and funny. It is easy to understand.The content is useful for your future, and you will be amazed by all the functions of excel, and how VBA could actually make games and music! GOODHis teachings are well organised, lessons are interesting even in the early morning and after lunch lessons haha! Even a stupid will understand the comparatively difficult part, cuz he present the ideas clearly.Excel VBA, which focus on your concept and understanding of those formula; Mid Term and Final exam are both open book, but I think you better understand all of the formula rather than understand it during exam; Final exam is relatively easier (MUST attend the LAB if you decide to skip all the lesson or not)Teacher have clear explanation; For tutorial, the staff and student helper are good enough to solve your problems.In general, it won't be hard if you are okay with logic. Just as you can understand the code, you will find the content not that difficult.The professor is really funny and he prepares a lot before the lecture.The grade is quite good. It is easy for to get B range even mid-term is below mean. Just if you hand in all assignments, there won't be a great problem with your grade.There are only three assignments in total together with one optional mid-term and one final exam.Its about Excel and VBA. I would say its a communication course with computer.If you can pay attention to him and follow his mind in all lessons, you'll understand literally everything in the ppt and examples. But his pace is a bit fast so its a B.god grade!
skip >70% lecture, skip some lab
mid term:above mean
final:above mean (~ 1sd)
homework:below mean
=AEasy homework as long as you attend the labs. (Even if you skip all lectures) But remember, if your homework is not full mark, don't hesitate to send the tutor an email to ask him check again because they often make mistakes.The syllabus includes:
- An introduction to Excel
- Simple Cell Formulas
- Basic Excel VBA Programming
- Making decisions with VBA
- VBA Loops
- GUI Handling
- Functions, Subroutines
- Cell Functions in VBA
- Object-Oriented programming
- Recursion
- Arrays

You may not know what I'm talking about when you look at the list, but I can assure you that the above topics will be taught at an introductory level and you will not find it way too challenging. If you are really interested, ask your best friend - google.It has been a pleasure to be one of David's students.

Before this course, I had no interest in computing at all. I would fear computer codes as I see them as boring and complicated stuff. However, David made computing look very interesting (and easy) for me.

David is definitely one of the best lecturers you can possibly meet in this institute. His English is, of course, very good and he speaks fluently throughout the entire lecture. You can tell that he knows the course content extremely well as if he had been teaching this course since he was born. His classes are interactive and well-planned. He is also a funny teacher with a special sense of humor.

I would also like to talk about the lab instructors. They have been really helpful and they will be more than willing to  I am pretty sure they played a very important role in helping me learn.Excel functions and basic VBA programming.Pro. David is quite humorous. However, sometimes I don't really learn from those simple games he demonstrated in class because most of the code is written by him already. We're only required to understand the easier part.Very very good grade in term of all cc
Use first three week teach excel function and rest for VBA
Very useful excel stuff even internship I use itHe teach very clear and easy to learn. I don't know ict and many thing about computer but still get A+ with only slightly revision. He is humorous and tell joke in lesson . at least not boring in lessonUseful and interesting.
Excel material before exam is not very hard but need to think and be logical.
VBA after midterm is the basic of writing simple code. Work for all microsoft like words and ppt. Quite useful. Need to work hard to understand the code. No need to remember anything as exams are open-booked. Final is the most important as it has the highest percentage.Professor Rossiter is very funny, brings lots of joy to us in class. Go through all the material in classes, welcome any questions. He even hold extra review sessions before midterm every 2 weeks this sem. He will answer you patiently. Lab assistants are also friendly and welcome any questions in lab, help a lot for assignments.Content is relatively simple, very suitable for everyone who has never taken any Excel related courses before.

I would just like to note that I have never used Excel before I took the course, and still found it relatively easy and straightforward; it is mostly about logical thinking!

First 40% of the course is based on Excel basics, i.e. formula and other basic functions; then the next 60% is all about VBA, which is really useful in the future workplace (also why I have decided to take the course)

All of the topics:
1. Starting to use excel
2. Cell formatting
3. More on Cell reference
4. Excel table
5. Cell formula basics
a. Sum, average, St Dev., Max, Min, RANK, COUNTIF
6. Making decisions
7. Worksheet
8. Introduction to VBA
9. First Look at VBA
10. Look Up Techniques (VLOOKUP & HLOOKUP)
11. Getting started with VBA
12. Handling Cell Formula Errors
13. VBA Macros
14. Using Mod for Patterns
15. VBA Basics
16. Referring to Cells in VBA
17. Making decisions with VBA
18. Introduction to Looping
19. Types of variables in VBA
20. Using for loops
21. More on For Loops
22. GUI Control
23. Functions & Subroutines
24. Using Set Keyword
25. More on Variables
26. Currently Selected Cell
27. Random Number
28. For Each Loop
29. Colour, Objects & Shapes
30. Cell Functions in VBA
31. Custom Functions
32. Objects
33. Array
34. RecursionVery good, no attendance is necessary, so if you already know Excel VBA this course is literally 0 workload for you.

David is hilarious himself, which made me go to class even though I don't really listen half the time (the lecture notes were super easy to understand, and if you don't understand anything you can always watch the lecture videos).

*** Just want to point out again that I have never taken any Excel related courses and still found the notes and what he says relatively straightforward.Well, the content is not exactly difficult. However, if you want a major in computer science, I would not recommend this. Its relevant, but if you think you will become a coder, nope, this is not for you.The teacher is absolutely hilarious and makes it enjoyable.Easy even for beginners like me who has no computer programming experience before. The contents are applicable in assignments and midterm. Useful for programming beginners.Enthusiastic and humorous teaching
TAs are also kind and care about the pace of learning
You can always ask them questions in labsthe content before midterm is just the basic function of excel.  you can get above mean even you just study for one day.  however,  after the midterm,  the contents become more difficult and yiu hav to study harder.  it's  about the vba basic syntax like print out,  type in,  cell merge,  recursion and marcosi have never attended the lesson.  i am not really sure.The content is separated into two parts:
The first half is about ordinary excel that most of us should know like the functions or simple controls.
The later half is about VBA which is more close to programming and also challenging. There are much more functions and subroutines that you can dig in.I think Cecia taught quite well that her speaking is clear and also easy to understand. She also likes answering students' questions. The lab technicians also explain the stuff well.This course taught excel formulas and basic VBA. For the one who familiar with excel formulas, classes before midterm is child's play. I skipped most of the classes and labs.Gibson is funny.

Lab TA is nice and willing to answer your question patiently.mainly focus on excel funtion before midterm. such as max , min, sum....... and the most difficult part would be the LOOKUP function and it will be appear in the examination every year.
VBA Programming will be involved after midterm.
it is just the game of logic and coding. It could be hard for the beginners but still comparatively easier than 1021 and 1022P/Gibson is so fun on his teaching. No student would fall asleep in class. But the teaching schedule would be relatively slow inorder to take care those "computer idiots".The content is useful and interesting to me. You may apply the VBA Programming in the future.Gibson is very funny and nice. But the most important part for the course is the Lab. You should not skip Labs because TAs will teach you how to do your assignments there. While it is very important that you should always and to the lab to ask for help, rather than asking for sources from your friend as you will understand better the VBA Programming which is very important in the exam.The content of this course is extremely useful coz you will using lots of them at workplace.

The first half of the semester was all about Excel programs. The second half was mostly about VBA, a little bit advance in comparison to ordinary program...but it comes handy and really easy to learn.Very detailed demonstration, but the progress is a bit slow for the lectures so I always wanted to skip lessons.....

However, labs are really important and useful so basically "must go"It is about Excel(without and without VBA).
The VBA part is much more difficult, which a lot of time is spent on VBA.

First part will be excel without VBA, which is about cell formulas and it is quite easyTeaching is good, but the pace is a bit fast because it is a summer course. And all things have to be taught in about 1.5 months.
His teaching is interesting, with lots of examples. If you have any problems, you can ask after lessons, so it is good.This course is divided into two parts: Excel and VBA.
Attached please kindly find the course details for your interests.Gibson is extremely nice. I have asked him questions by email, he replies me within 5 mins and explains in detail until  I completely understand!
More importantly, he is very fun and well-developed in his lesson so I really enjoy his lesson.
P.S. I have sat another female professor as I missed gibson lesson. She is very bored and only read the pp. Therefore, I suggest reg gibson lesson if you want to attend this course.About Basic Excel VBA, it's very useful for administration work.Chan's teaching isn't the best but the materials ain't that difficult to understand. Hence, I usually self-study and missed most of the classes.

TA are very helpful in lab, recommend to attend all the labs, it's important to understand the VBA logicThis is a pretty useful course where you can learn some excel VBA functions that may bring more convenience to you in the future. The main topics covered are basic excel functions (like cell referencing, vlookup, hlookup, countif), VBA programming concepts (subroutines, objects, recursion) and introduction of excel workbook, worksheet and modules. The level of difficulty is for beginners who have little to no programming background, so do not expect to learn anything advanced.The professor just reads from the powerpoint slides, and there is not much additional information aside from the concepts and examples covered in the course materials. Moreover, attendance is not taken so it is your decision whether or not to attend the lectures.Super useful in modern business, the only course that can apply in practical world.
First 1/3 is above practical business-use excel while the rest are VBA coding that can the use to construct games and useful application
1 mid term, 1 final exam, several labsThe prof is really nice and funny. Yet just talk through the slides, not much interpretation given.Content of the course is quite sensible to our needs, since it review and learn how to use MS excel in advance, while using easy functions and programming language.Teachingis brought out with enough examples to help understanding of the procedure, yet can be bit boring for loose explanations, and I've seen quite a few does not come to class, since powerpoint and examples are all provided in specific homepage.Divided into Excel and VBA.
Excel should be easy as students have been using them since primary school. Basically the Excel part focuses on teaching how to use the cell functions, e.g. IF(), AVERAGE(), VLOOKUP() etc.

VBA (Visual Basic for Applications) is a language I personally dislike as its style and syntax is significantly different from the more 'conventional' languages. Putting that aside I do believe it is a language easy for people with little related experience to learn, so it is an advantage especially if you are from SBMT and wish to learn VBA for practical purposes.

MT covers Excel and a small part of VBA; final covers the rest of VBAI think the teaching is quite decent, comparable to your secondary school teacher perhaps? I believe people also find Prof. Horner to be more interesting (or funny) although I cannot be sure as I have never 'sit' in his lectures.

I am actually not very sure what to comment as I skipped most of the lessons after midterm. Usually, reading the powerpoints should be enough as they are quite detailed.The course teaches Excel formulas and VBA application on Excel. The content is not difficult for students who have basic junior secondary computer training, plus each topic is demonstrated with various daily life examples.The lecturer can explain concepts with the aid of, but not merely rely on, the lecture notes. Lesson is enjoyable as the lecturer presents in a dramatic way and tell jokes occasionally. Besides, the tutors are compatible to address student's queries and give clear instructions during the lab session.10%  Assignment 1       Excel
10%  Assignment 2       VBA
20% Assignment 3        Combined
22%  Midterm
38% FinalThis is a course about VBA, a type of programming.
You will learn different programming code and logic.
After the course, you will know how to fully utilize microsoft excel as a programming tool and many interesting use of it.

The content is very interesting and useful in overall.The powerpoints that the professor made are very comprehensiveSome basic excel skills and VBA programming.
Half of the course is about excel and the another about programming.
There are a lot of labs. But they are easy. Just follow the steps is ok. The steps are clear and easy to get full marks in labs.The profs are funny. The skills taught are quite helpful in everyday work.The course started with some basics in Excel such as the formulae, which most university students should know since they are so important and useful, no matter whether you are from engineering, science or even business school.
Then VBA was introduced, a friendly programming language. The concepts are not very hard, but need some practice in order to master it. Practice makes perfect.Gibson is a very nice professor with impressive teaching skills. He can explain every single concept clearly in a short period of time. I highly suggest to take his class if it is possible to do so.open book mid term and final
if u understand, it's easy to get a good grade
content of excel is almost same as ict content
easy to study with ict studied at secondaryfunny jokes
useful explanation
practical examples
hints about exams  
but the power point can be read by yourself as he is almost repeating the content on the power point1. Association rule mining (confidence, lift ratio)

2. Apriori algorithm

3. FP-Growth algorithm

4. sequential/forgetful k-means clustering

5. Hierarchical clustering I (Dendrogram, agglomerative approach)

6. Hierarchical clustering II divisive approach (polythetic/monothetic chi-square)

7 Decision Tree classifier(ID3, C4.5, Gini)

8. Performance metrics I (Confusion matrix, Error report, lift chart, decile-wise lift chart)

9. Bayesian classifier
(Naive Bayes, Bayesian Belief Network)

10. Nearest Neighbor / kNN Classifier

11. Neural Network & Multilayer Perceptron

12. Performance II
(Recall, precision, accuracy, specificity, validation and test set)

13. Principal component analysis (PCA)

14. Data Warehouse

15. Web Database

It is fruitful enough for newbies to know what is going on in data analysis.

Content may vary slightly, depending on whether Raymond will have enough time to teach support vector machine (SVM). In this term, he did not have time to cover it so it is omitted.

If you just want to take machine learning course (COMP4211) in HKUST rather than elsewhere (online or during exchange), you are better to enroll in this class for your sake to have a bigger picture. It is because details like kNN/Naive Bayes classifier, hierarchical and k-means clustering may not be covered in the other.Raymond is one of the most helpful professors in the CSE department. He responds to email questions in detail and gives explanations which are always understandable.this class is about data classification and correlation finding. It's useful but seems kinda old considering even isom2500 has already talked about using python to categorizing data.Raymond is a rl nice and patient teacher(his accent is quite heavy though: ) and he has been trying this class interesting. Also he welcomes you to ask him questions.1 Overview
2 Project
3 Association (Concept)
4 How to activate XLMiner in our Lab
5 Association (Data Mining Tool)
6 Cluster 1 (k-mean)
7 Cluster 2 (Dendrogram)
8 Classification 1 (Decision Tree)
9 Classification 2 (Naive Bayes)
10 Classification 3 (NN Classifier)
11 Classification 4 (Neural Network)
12 Classification: More Concept
13 PCA
14 Data Warehouse
15 Web DBThe BEST professor I HAVE EVER SEEN.The course teaches ways to find some interesting relationship in a database. XLMiner is used as the assistant software.
Topics include:

Association Rule Mining
- Apriori
- FP tree
Clustering
- (forgetful) (sequential) k-means
Classification
- Decision Tree
- Naive Bayes
- Nearest Neighbour
- Neural network
Data Warehouse
PCA
Web Database (Search Engine)

Most of the topics are the algorithm used in handling data. And we have to learn the concepts and procedures of these algorithms.
However, as a common core, the course only provides BASIC information on how the above approaches work, and the examples used are not comprehensive though.
It is a good choice for you if you are quite interested in data mining and DO NOT WANT TO CODE.Raymond is a dedicated lecturer. He explains everything clearly and step-by-step. He is democratic that all formats (length, type of questions, difficulty of questions, etc) of midterm and final exam are voted by students.

His lecture is interactive, students are welcomed and highly encouraged to answer his question. By answering his question correctly, you will be awarded a coupon that allows you to waive one question in assignment/project (and obtain full mark for that question)

He always sends emails to further explain some frequently asked topics or questions. And finally, his efficiency and speed of release of grades are insane :P.
(My final exam finished at 7:30pm and the mark was sent to me at 1am.)
That's all.The is a fruitful common core.
As an introduction course to data mining, it tells you basic concepts of different data mining and machine learning techniques, like Decision Tree, Clustering, Bayesian Network, Neural Network, PCA, and SVM. It only needs some simple calculation, except some matrix concepts for PCA (Raymond and tutors will teach you though).Raymond is funny throughout the class. You will never know he is a CPEG head if you do not search about him.
He teaches well. He shows the workout step-by-step in his slides and on the board. Though, it is quite boring, sometimes for some basic concepts.
He distributes coupon to the one who asks, answers questions, or writing the answers to the exercises onto the board. Taking 3 coupons is enough for the whole course.
He is democratic that everyone attends that session has the right to vote the examination format(MC / SQ / LQ / Bonus Question), number of questions, and cheat sheet.Topics include:
simple digital logic,
instructions set (yes it is),
VERY LITTLE memory systems,
some interrupts and exceptions,
performance and cost analysis,
assembly language programming (MIPS),
Datapath and Control,
NO pipelining

Topics covered after the midterm are more difficult. NOT practical at all.Honestly I suggest you do not need to attend the lecture because there are lecture videos.

Things are neither smooth nor well prepared. Quite a lot of important things are word-of-mouth only.

TA Nicko is helpful to answer your questions.Content actually require many of calculation and such EE stuff,And I think most of the concept are not useful for futrue but it 's 4 credit compulsory courseLecturer is good for teaching but her accent tone make me difficult to understand what she is going to talk about and the concept are generally difficult to understand if you are not interested in EE,and I think tutorial is much better than Lab,and Lab seem useless for this course And also tutorial answer only uploaded 1 or 2 days before the exam.Content mainly revolves around computer architecture, including CPU structure, process pipeline, and logic gates. You will also need to learn an assembly language called MIPS. If you have programming experience before, it will not be hard to grasp the conceptThe instructor is generally helpful, he expresses his idea quite clearly. He did sometimes miss a couple points, but you can just find him after lessons or email him. He will even mark them down and talk about the missing points in the next lesson.

The pace of teaching is quite fast, so you would want to go to lessons and revise the notes often to grasp the ideas of each topic.Boolean algebra, K-map
Logic gate, latch, flip flop
ALU, CU
MIPSDr. Cindy Li is friendly but speak with heavy accent. She speak slowly so it is certain that you can understand what she is saying and the material, meanwhile it is boring if you are not interested into the course content.

You can actually switch to 1.5x to restore normal speaking speed when you play the recording lol.I think the content of this course is very important for further study with respect to CS students. Besides, in my opinion, it is an interesting experience to learn this topic.But I have to say, compared to the content, teaching is just like a pile of shit. The instructor always race-talk but can not finish lectures within 80 mins, why? Because he almost spend half of time talking about what he've already talked in the last lecture! In the second half of a lecture, he needs to speak faster and faster to finish the content. Then due to fast speed of talking, students can not fully understand him, so he need to repeat a lot in the next lecture again. It's a vicious circle!Content : Data Representation, Computer Arithmetic, Processor (Datapath + Control), Memory, Computer Performance, MIPS Programming.

Topics covered after the midterm are relatively difficult than the previous ones. But, content is not as hard as some of the other COMP courses.He does teach well. Although lectures seem a little boring but maybe thats because the topics aren't very interesting.

Lecture videos are there, which is needed since you may need to revisit certain explanations he gave in class.Introduces the basic hardware components inside a computer (e.g. Logic Unit, CPU). Their operations, relationships, and methods on examining their performances will be discussed. In the middle part of the course, students will alsp learn how to use assembly language to write short programs.Quite boring due to flat presentation tone...... Most of the lecture time, my friends (and I) get sleep during lecture. But with no deny that Cindy is full of energy all the time and have a lot of passion in teaching.The content was easy in the first few weeks... then it started getting more difficult (or at least, that is what I thought).

Tutorials are very helpful and sometimes more important than going to class.The professor has a strong accent from mainland and I was not used to at all. I know it is rude to laugh at professor's accent while she is teaching, but sometimes I just can't help it... She pronounces "min term" as "mean term" and it threw me off during class for at least 15 minutes until I finally understood what she meant... She also constantly pronounces "gigabyte" as "jigga-byte" and I can't help but laugh...

Besides from her accent, she doesn't care about the students at all.
1) She doesn't have a set time for office hours so students MUST email her EVERY WEEK to figure out when she is free to meet...
2) She doesn't like to answer questions in class, because "there is not enough time." I understand that she must cover an amount of material in each class... but if students are confused/lost, then why can't she stop for a moment and answer the question? The question may help others as well...
3) After receiving the midterm back, there was a huge gap in the numbers (between the high and low, and standard dev was pretty large as well), and the professor doesn't do anything about it like have a review session on the problem that most students missed, etc...You will learn how a MIPS processor works, from simple circuits all the way to the general overview of the processor.Mr BENSAOU teaches well. He explains thoroughly, and is easy to understand, as his accent isn't that strong.Grading isn't very harsh, but midterms and finals can really be difficult if not prepared properly. A cheat sheet is given which includes what bit value is for every R-type, I-type, and J-type operation.

For studying, focus on details, but you don't have to remember everything like a dictionary.There are a few assignments which are honestly very enjoyable to do, and the final project is making a pacman-esque game using the MIPS language. It was also very fun to program.Assembly language and stuff. Important for CSE majors but not really interesting or fun.Professor Cindy Li has a strong Mainland accent which affects many students. Also, though she probably doesn't mean to, she becomes monotonous and hence not fun to listen to. Good thing though, is that she provides video recordings of her lectures, so going to the lecture itself was not required.Just as the title suggests, you basically study all the components inside a computer. --> More hardware than software

All the notes are thorough and well prepared. Lab exercises also helped you to learn more.Instructor is from mainland and you can easily judge it the first time you attend her lecture. Although for me(at least for me), it is difficult to comprehend what she says, she tried her best to keep her class interactive. Moreover, she also created a Facebook group for students to ask questions about the course materials.

The TA for tutorial is much better in terms of English pronunciation.Big data systems, including Cloud Computing and parallel data processing frameworks, emerge as enabling technologies in managing and mining the massive amount of data across hundreds or even thousands of commodity servers in datacenters. This course exposes students to both the theory and hands-on experience of this new technology. The course will cover the following topics. (1) Basic concepts of Cloud Computing and production Cloud services; (2) MapReduce - the de facto datacenter-scale programming abstraction - and its open source implementation of Hadoop. (3) Apache Spark - a new generation parallel processing framework - and its infrastructure, programming model, cluster deployment, tuning and debugging, as well as a number of specialized data processing systems built on top of Spark. By walking through a number of hands-on labs and assignments, students are expected to gain first-hand experience programming on real world clusters in production datacenters.The professor is a mainland guy, U of Toronto grad. I think this is his first time teaching a UG course.

Overall great guy: great teaching, explains various concepts really well, responds to emails real fast, and MEMES in lecture notes (I am not joking).

The only downside I think is his accent which is a little bit difficult for me to comprehend.Big data should be very useful in the future. Content include what is big data and tools analyzing big data.
The focus should be on the tools, including hadoop and spark. Both requires strong programming skills. The tools are difficult to understand especially if you are not from computer science. Unless you are taking the minor for big data, do not take this course.
Project is very free and about any big data system or you create one. Idea and adequate execution are more important than having a super hard project. Also, most group can get full mark so it is not that important after all.Professor tried his best to demonstrate the materials and tools. However, it is quite difficult to understand. Furthermore, the speed is quite fast. Overall, his notes are organized, but you have to focus and jot notes or most of his notes will not be understandable.
Lab are quite useful in understanding lecture materials.This course is mainly about producing an end product ie your own fully working http://game.To do this, pedro teaches how to use webGL to create it, but you can choose to use any other game engine or platform to produce your game. If you decide not to use webGL, then the middle part of the semester becomes quite skippable, as it is all about how to use this software. I myself used UNITY to make my game.

However, there are many interest topics included, such as AI, game physics, game design and graphics. Without going into too much detail of each section, pedro gives a good summary of each area as a teaser for doing the main courses later on. Its more than enough to do some practical game programming and whets your appetite for later.

One downside is that if you focus on one aspect in your game, its difficult to use the lecture materials to do it. For example my game heavily relied on AI, so i had to do a lot of self study and learning to develop that part, as the course only covers it briefly.Pedro is a really good teacher, going through all the material in a sequential and methodical manner. The classes are clearly well planned, designed to be a supplement to your work on the game programming assignment.

He is also extremely open to questions and really helps guide you in your project. I personally went to him multiple times to ask for help or guidance on particular game mechanics or potential game designs, and I felt that he both knew the material well and really knows how to explain it.Microsoft Excel, Word, Powerpoint, GIMP.

GIMP is an EXTREMELY HARD and MOST RARELY used photo-editing software which MANY computer experts I know have even NEVER heard of it, much less been able to use it.

Definitely NO point teaching so in such an allegedly elementary course.NONSENSE class activities every time that counted attendance. Joking WITHOUT teaching. Teaching without highlighting key points. Simply centrifuges.

Utter WASTE of an hour and fifty minutes every lesson. Always putting up a deceptive smile and being pretentiously friendly.I would not recommend this course for people. One does not learn anything out of this course, and the grading is awful. COMP 1021 or any other programming-related course is way better!
The content was quite simple, describing about the parts of a computer, MS Office, Google Drive, etc. As long as you have used a computer, you will have no problem with the content.
The labs were held once a week and taught about the basics of Google Drive, GIMP, Movie Maker, Word, Excel, and Powerpoint. The materials of the lab were released a day before the session and you could finish it before the lab. You could come to the lab just for attendance. However, the exam required more than the amount learnt in the lab.
There is a group project (group of 3) on designing a website. For this one will have to submit a proposal (a Word Document) on the work distribution, and present the website (a Presentation before the deadline). Remember to choose your group wisely!The teaching was alright. It was focussed on activities that help understand the concepts taught in the lecture slides. Surprise quizzes would be held, so it is necessary to read the lecture slides before attending the lectures.Extremely easy. The course teaches you how to use Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Google Drive and so on. As long as you are a normal computer user, you should be having no trouble dealing with the content of this course.The teaching is... well, interactive. It will teaches you some knowledge on computer hardwares and softwares during lessons, and discuss some real-life crisis with you and ask you to present during lessons for peer-evaluation.Very wide and shallow. If you just want to take a course in Computer science and get done with it, it is the right course for you. It teaches some basic functions of basic programs, which would be useful in your life later on except for GIMP(ofc). If you are already familiar with the basic computer programs such as Microsoft word or if you want to get at least some idea of computer science, do not take this course. TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.Prof is friendly but doesn't teach much. They just want someone in the group with some computer background to teach other members. The TA for the lab course was quite helpful.it covers general and wide range of computer study, including the components of a computer, the use of Microsoft Word, Powerpoint, Excel, the use of graphing application GIMP, and also using MIT app to create a small app for androideasy falling asleep because of ascent, but can self-learning after class by lecture notesJust simple Microsoft Office skills for the exam, but for the GIMP part, I really don't know how to use it.

In the lecture, the professor would teach you different topics like HTML, hardware, software, GIMP, building blocks to write some commands for the moving object.

The most important part must be the project part, which takes up 50% of the grading! You need to find your 2 friends to fight with you!I really like the pronunciation of professor Leung. It is easy to understand. He tries to use different tools and formats to teach us. You can see that he puts his effort to teach, so I would recommend you to go to his class (if you can afford the risk to get an A or a C)Very easy. For application, you only need to know about Microsoft Office and GIMP. For exam questions, you just need to memorize some main points in the lecture ppt. Those questions are similar to those in the quizzes.Good. A very friendly professor. The lecture is quite interesting as there will be lecture activities for you to get bonus marks. The lecture activities will be done in a form of a group. The professor and TAs always answer our questions and clarify some misconceptions for us.Basic concept of Computing and network.
Such as network layer, operating system and application software.
The course also teach you how to use Microsoft Excel, Word and Powerpoint which are useful in our daily life.
If you have taken ICT in your high school, it is enough for you to get a A.The teaching is interesting as there are some interesting activities.
You don't need to just sit here and listen. you can join the lesson and the activities teach you knowledge in practical way.boring,many ppt slides, talking abt software and hardware of computer
also the use of excel, microsoft word and power pointprofessor quite passionate, will ask questions and see if we understand, however most of the lecture time(other than group discussion part) just read according to the slides.

the ta is nice, can ask him questions regarding to project.lectures about hardware ,software, image, video, internet security and copy right...mostly objective facts and common senses , but I feel like I will never remember most of it after the final exam.
labs are useful ,about word, ppt, excel, movie maker, gimp...although there isn't any teaching ,only exploring by yourself following the instructions on the ppt.NICE and responsible, patient to answer questions
AS we are required to watch the lecture video and complete a quiz in advance every week, sometimes he will teach fast( kind of skip ) the ppt part. So lecture is about lecture activities.Nearly all contents are within DSE ICT syllabus. And are very useful for acquiring students the basic knowledge on programming, computer hardware, software.. etc.Lectures are conducted with a means of doing activities in groups. Some activities count for attendance. The first few groups finishing the activities will get bonus points which is added to the final grade.
Tutorials are done in the labs. They are mainly about application software such as word, excel and GIMP, all procedures are documented in the powerpoint.Nearly all contents are within DSE ICT syllabus. And are very useful for acquiring students the basic knowledge on programming, computer hardware, software.. etc.Lectures are conducted with a means of doing activities in groups. Some activities count for attendance. The first few groups finishing the activities will get bonus points which is added to the final grade.
Tutorials are done in the labs. They are mainly about application software such as word, excel and GIMP, all procedures are documented in the powerpoint.Mainly covers basic introduction to computers (hardware) and computing tools (basic and commonly used softwares). Materials covered were quite boring and only some sessions were fun.

There is a project which is to design an Android app by using MIT App Inventor. The grouping for the project is free and better take it with at least a friend. Bear in mind that this course is an exclusion to ISOM 2010.The teaching was fine and the teaching assistant (Katherine) was very helpful. The lectures are usually divided into two sessions, first half is materials review (since students are expected to read or listen to the recorded lecture before coming to class) and second half is activity session, in which students are divided into groups and there are some tasks that should be finished within the time given.

The lab sessions were not so useful, but if you are not quite familiar with the materials, coming to the lab might help. Basically in the lab, there's a task that you have to finish within that week and in the lab the TA will give some hints on how to do that task. Some materials were quite hard that you need to come and they can sometimes just give the answer directly.Contents are okay, midway in the course things might become more difficult, but general things are okay. One thing worth noting is the quiz's answers are sometimes not in the powerpoint and google might be required.The teaching was pretty good, IMO very enjoyable. The professor records his lectures in a video and expects you to to listen to it and read the slides before going to class, but he will also wrap things up during lectures. The lectures are interactive lessons where he will give you tasks and give you credits (for those who work the quickest) which boost your final grade. This system is at times unfair since at times there are people who already knew the content in advance in the class but otherwise the course is pretty enjoyable.Basic knowledge on hardware and a range of softwares. Gimp was the most useful.Teaching was ok... Lectures can be boring but most labs are easy and the TAs are nice and helpful. At least for my section.Just easy stuff (excel though, isn't...). At least I got a good grade.Workload of the labs are fine because you can choose to hand them in by sending to the TAs, you don't have to be there during lab sections.
The group project on creating a site of your interest is fairly easy. I think even if you work it on your own it wouldn't be too difficult.This lecture covers basic IT knowledge, which is easy to follow. The lab teaches how to use some computer software such as Microsoft Word, Excel and GIMP. Students have to learn to use "MIT App Inventor" and design an app.Very interactive, class activities are quite interesting. The instructor is quite passionate, and always willing to help.Hardware, Software, Google Drive, MS Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), GIMP, MovieMaker, etc
(they're like basic comp skills~)

Project: Make an Android app using MIT App InventorInstead of the traditional lecture style where you sit and listen the whole time, you'll do in-class activities during "lecture" time. So you're expected to watch the pre-lesson videos (~lecture) and do a quiz before attending the lesson since the activities are related to the content. He'll sometimes review some important concepts before starting the activity.

The lab work is quite helpful for the exam, it's best you know/understand/remember what you're doing since it'll be in the practical part of the exam. Some labs are optional but can be helpful for your project. You don't have to do it during lab session, you can send it if you want but it's safer to show up and show it to them so you won't risk mark deduction

The prof and TA are helpful and nice. Overall, the course was enjoyable, easy and useful in my opinion.Content, I believe is quite interesting. I wouldn't say it is entirely useful and valuable. It focuses on the general knowledge related to computers. But it does not help with any other computer courses you will probably take in HKUST (programming courses).

You do spend some hours doing Scratch, but because the content is not dealt in exams, most people do not have the opportunity to learn/understand basic programming. But otherwise, you will be given an opportunity to learn Excel, powerpoint, word, video editing, photoshop etc...

I'd say it's just a wide array of stuff on a very shallow level --> I mean that's what Common Core is for, right?Not a common type of teaching/lecture style. You are required to watch video lectures outside of class, take a quiz and do lecture activities during the lectures.

The quizzes are not entirely easy. Some questions are quite challenging and vague so sometimes you need to get lucky.

The lecture activities are to give extra credits for the final score. However, most students get the full 3 points, so the bonus points do not help you a lot getting a higher letter grade.

The video lectures just read the powerpoint material... so yeah the teaching I wouldn't give full credit for.MATH course with COMP course code. The content is similar to the non honor version:
Basic logic, proofs; combinatorics, discrete probability; Number theory, cryptography; Induction, recursion, Big O, omega, theta notations; Graphs.
The prerequisites are not really needed because no calculus are required, but good problem skills are (good DSE core combinatorics and probability knowledge would be a great plus).
The content is appropriate even for a year 1 student like myself.HIs teaching is really good and the content is good. He encourges thinking about a topic or question deeper because this is honor class. He is funny as well. Although he has an accent, it is comprehensible.
The ta is just ok, we only do a few questions in the tutorial, looked at the answer for a little while, and move on.0. Basics: Sets and Functions (self-study)
1. Logic and Proofs
2. Combinatorics
3. Discrete Probability
4. Number Theory and Cryptography
5. Induction, Recursion, and Recurrence Relations
6. Graphs (wasn't covered thoroughly due to time constraint)One of the best instructors from CSE department. Sunil is not just knowledgeable, he can really explain mathematical concepts in an intuitive and organic manner. He's inspiring and humorous as well. I went to every lecture, overall very enjoyable.Discrete mathematics needed for the study of computer science:
1. sets, functions;
2. propositional logic, predicate logic, rules of inference, proof techniques;
3. pigeonhole principle, permutations and combinations, binomial coefficients, inclusion-exclusion principle;
4. probability theory, Bayes' theorem, expectation, variance, random variables, hashing;
5. cryptography and modular arithmetic, Euclid’s division theorem, multiplicative inverse, divisibility, RSA cryptosystem, Chinese remainder theorem;
6. mathematical induction, strong induction and well-ordering property, recursion, recurrence relations;
7. graph representation, isomorphism, connectivity, Euler and Hamiltonian paths, planarity, graph coloring.

(1) is not formally taught in class, basically ur knowledge in thz topic is assumed, meaning that u would hv to do some self-study. Btw it is not difficult, just some terminology.
(2) would be a really conceptual topic, no matter how much or how less u memorised, as long as u can use the logic rule to solve problems is ok. Btw I think thz topic would be a good math foundation for one considering taking 3000-4000 math ug courses.
(3) (4) is just slightly > dse lv core math + m1, with sth new like pigenhole and inclusion-exclusion. Btw thz part also overlaps with some math 2000 lv stat prob course, (2411, 21, 31...), which are also in comp curriculum. I think the cse dept should really re-consider to construct a better course structure...
(5) is about mod operation. Comp 1000lv prog course gives u insight, but this course gives u a more in-depth knowledge. Better take it serious for its wide application in many other Comp theory courses or even courses in diff subj, e.g. math courses like Abstract algebra, Number Theory.
(6) is just an extension of Dse lv m2 version MI. Again, what's inmportant is the idea. The stupid work flow and clumsy format would not really bother u much once u get the whole picture
For (7) I think prof usually doesn't hv too much time to cover it. Just like in thz sem, basically he just introduced some terminology and definitions. But those fancy terms are stll important. What u hv to do to deal with thz chapter is memorising stuffs as much as possible. In thz way u cen prevent any "surprises" in final exam.I think prof’s teaching is quite well, but one may first listen him speaking eng with a quite strimg accent..

One thing worth to mention is, prof has a quite
old-style teaching. For most of the topics, he would like to explain by writing everything on board, but not by using ppt slides or showing his work on projector. Plus he does not really hv a nice handwriting. So one might expect to be really concentrated in the lesson to get the idea.

Another thing is, some notes or ppt slides he provides in advance are just other prof’s work. And he just provide to us for ref, but does not choose to follow them strictly. For some topics like (5) concerning number theory and (7) graph theory he even told us to ignore those slides, but instead search Rosens textbook for the definitions and thms he illustrated in the lesson. So u may really want to get a Rosen e-book just in case. Luckily there are some free online versions ~

And he somehow hates people using smart phone in class, but he just managed to accpet student using computers... So u either use phone in secret or use ur computers in class  for learning or other(?) purposes.

Overall his teaching is good and the course really equip u with solid knowledge of some discrete math tools. But somehow u hv to get used to the prof’s teaching style.The course mostly cover the content of 2711, i.e. logic, combinations, discrete probability and number theory and  Arya also gives some insight into graph theory, which you may find it useful in 3711.  It discusses some proofs, like those combinational proofs of combination identity and you are required to understand them and prove them in the exam. Some useful techniques may be taught and required to practice in your homework, but you are not required to think out very fancy or wield techniques.Arya has his accent, but once you get used to it, you must like it. His teaching style is relatively relaxing and interesting and he is quite nice to answer questions after class and are willing to praise you for your small findings.The content includes logics, combinatorics, probability, number theory, recursion and graph theory. These contents are very interesting if you like math.Arya's lectures were very easy to understand, and he was engaging students into his lecture, which was good. I think the TA was quite smart, and his materials clearly helped with understanding the course materials.To quote from the course homepage: "Discrete mathematics needed for the study of computer science: sets, functions; propositional logic, predicate logic, rules of inference, proof techniques; pigeonhole principle, permutations and combinations, binomial coefficients, inclusion-exclusion principle; probability theory, Bayes' theorem, expectation, variance, random variables, hashing; cryptography and modular arithmetic, Euclid division theorem, multiplicative inverse, divisibility, RSA cryptosystem, Chinese remainder theorem; mathematical induction, strong induction and well-ordering property, recursion, recurrence relations"

We were supposed to learn about graphs too but we didn't have enough time so the professor just gave an introduction to the topic.

The concepts were easy, but the actual applications were difficult and complicated. Very interesting nonetheless.

~90% of exam questions are taken from homework and lecture notes. Although Sunil emphasised that we should understand the content instead of memorising, but at the end it was still a memory contest more than anything.Excellent professor. Clear and humorous teaching. Never seen such a high attendance in a 9am class. Sunil is the kind of professor who makes you want to go and check the class schedule website and see whether or not you can enroll in his other courses in the next semester.

Our TA was Yuchen Mao, who was also excellent. He responds quickly to emails and teaches clearly.The content is same as the non honors course, but taught at a different pace. The content is majorly about algorithms, probability and running time.I absolutely love how sunil arya teaches! His teaching is organic and has a very good flow i.e. he wont teach something simple and expect you to understand a ver hard concept from that. He explains everything step by step and gives a lot a practice!Very similar to normal version of COMP 2711. Lecture notes are from normal version COMP2711 at 2014 Spring. The course is totally MATH course. Extra topics (graph theory) may discuss during lecture time but no notes, have to attend and jot down by yourself.

Book is not required but may useful for handling assignment problem. Book name: Discrete Mathematics and Its Applications 7th edition, Publisher: McGraw-HillLecture will elaborate all terms and theories, and may show you the correct way to solve problem. Teaching style is quite traditional, by writing everything on board instead of PowerPoint, but won't boring and easier to follow. Tutorial will discuss the use of theory taught in lecture to solve problem.

The only drawback is Prof. ARYA spent too much time on early topic, causing no time teach topics behind (some of graph theory are skipped and some of them are concluded only in 1~2 lectures.) But overall, his teaching is good for students from all background to follow, and wanna everyone understand before goes on.Book exists but is unnecessary as long as you attend all lectures and read all notes and do all your homework (which inevitably you're gonna have to google!)

We used professor DYY's notes, they're amazing.
()
If you love maths, you're gonna love this course.
If you dread maths, you're  still gonna love this course.Is amazing. Despite being an honors course, the journey was slow, smooth, with elaborate explanations and easy-to-understand analogies. Professor explains all concepts from the grassroots and slowly builds upon them.not too many. it is easy for the programming beginners.
there are only 4/5 lectures chapterit is a self-learning course and the teaching materials are good. it is easy to understand.it is easy to pass, you need to get 40% in exam and 60% in homework.
in my exam, mostly asking you about the output and there are some MC also 1-2 question asked you to write the program.only have 5 homework in the total semester. Each homework has a teaching video, and you can follow the video to type the program.The content includes basic data type, arrays and dictionaries, for loop and while loop, input and output handling and basic recursion.This is an online course, which means that there is no lecture. You need to learn by yourself by reading though the course material in the CSE website.This is pass or fail course.
To pass one of these bridging courses, you need to:
obtain 60% or higher of the four exercises total mark, and:
obtain 40% or higher in the final exam
It is extremely easy to get over 40% of grade in the final, so you do not have to worry at all.Workload is very light. There are four exercises in total, and each takes less than an hour to complete. You only need to complete one exercise every 2-3 weeks.All the lecture notes are offered online, no attendance is needed. The content is easy to follow for beginner. There is only one final exam and a few assignments. The instructor would offer some  codes for you to finish the assignment, you don't really need to write down a big paragraph of codes to do the assignment. It is more like filling the blank. And the exam questions are only MC and filling the blank questions.It is a self-learning course, all the learning are done online, but the lecture notes given by the instructor is complete and useful. I only meet the instructor until the final exam..haha..This course will expose students to new and practical issues of real world mining and managing big data. Data mining and management is to effectively support storage, retrieval, and extracting implicit, previously unknown, and potentially useful knowledge from data. This course will place emphasis on two parts. The first part is big data issues such as mining and managing on distributed data, sampling on big data and using some cloud computing techniques on big data. The second part is applications of the techniques learnt on areas such as business intelligence, science and engineering, which aims to uncover facts and patterns in large volumes of data for decision support. This course builds on basic knowledge gained in the introductory data-mining course, and explores how to more effectively mine and manage large volumes of real-world data and to tap into large quantities of data. Working on real world data sets, students will experience all steps of a data-mining and management project, beginning with problem definition and data selection, and continuing through data management, data exploration, data transformation, sampling, portioning, modeling, and assessment.The prof is just repeating whats on the lecture slides which are also copied by him (almost verbatim) from other Universities, and then combine that with a heavy mainland accent == instant sleep during lectures.

Although TAs are super friendly and helpful for the projects. (Shout out to Anand and Sherry!)I would say, the course can be mainly separated into two parts: how to use database (mid-term exam) and what is database (final exam).
"How to use database" teaches database relations (ER diagram, relational algebra, SQL statements, etc. I would say this part is super useful, as we may have a high chance in using database or design a database relation in our jobs.
"What is database" teaches database memory allocation, optimization, etc. I think this part is completely useless. You will need to learn this if you want to make a database, but I don't think this is really necessary, as there are so many existing database software (like mySQL).Wilfred seems to be good, but I already skipped lecture after 2 weeks.The course is mainly focusing on the data management, such as the SQL, pipeline. And the content will be taught in class, however, the lab is about how to use the SSH to implement SQL.For me, it is difficult for understanding some concept because I think that professor speaking too fast in some difficult concepts. So, I think self-reading is important for this course.Very sophisticated material in the later half of the course, quite abstract for me but would be useful for people who are really interested in this field as the things are solid.There are not much people in the classroom though but as a CS minor students, I attended all the lectures trying but failed to get them across hhh but I think if some one like it enough it would be fair for them.Lecture Exercises (in class) + Tutorials + Labs - 10%
Midterm - 20%
Project (3 Tasks) - 30% (3x10)
Final - 40%

The content is pretty straight-forward and easy except for some tuple output calculations in the post-midterm topics. But lecture exercises and tutorials are plenty of practice so it's more than manageable.

Exams are open-book

Lecture attendance taken through solving the exercises at the end of every classHe reads from the slides but the slides are pretty helpful. He's always open to questions and takes the effort to explain things when he feels he's gone a bit too fast.

He also comes to the labs and will stay back to help you if you're stuck!Compressed content, not very clearly in some slides (like the definition of lossless). 23 slides for class, each 20~30 pages, 1 in-class exercise per class (sometimes left for homework).Prof is really nice and patient. Fast paced but I think understandable most of the time.(I)Database design (E-R and relational)
(II)SQL
(III)Functional dependencies
(IV)Indexing (hashing included)
(V)SQL query optimization
(VI)Transactions

(I), (II) and (V) are very useful in practice, while the others remain at theoretical levels and are hard to understand.professor tried to have us crammed with all the content which is hard to swallow throughout 1.5 month!! (I used to think he's gonna delete some content or make things easier  :( )

Poor learning environment since the heavy noise from the construction nearby the classroom for the second half of the course.

The TA is helpful and kind. She's willing to answer your problems online and offline.

P.S. The professor might also teach COMP3111 in similar fashion. It's better to go through the notes seriously before lessons.Very useful stuffs to learn related to databases. Database design, SQL & inner implementations. The course contents are really necessary I guess in order to develop or contribute on projects using server network and databases(Which does not?). Without knowing the designing methods, you won't be able to design efficient databases, which will eventually cause some problems if the data grows larger.The professor tries hard to reach students and make them understand the contents. He teaches well in the lecture. Also the ppts contain all contents you should know. (Maybe too much contents, the ppts have retarded number of slides.)As an exchange student from mainland, comparing to my teachers back to my home institution, prof Hung, I have to say, has really done a good job. from the sallybus I can see the reasonabllity of his classreally full of passion and humor. it's just that kind of teacher I like. The first class really amazed me. Long years there have been from last time I saw a teacher who could love what he is teaching so much.Covers functional programming in Standard ML (SML), language parsing in FLEX and BISON, logic programming in PROLOG, and GPU parallel programming in CUDA. The concepts about programming languages include language constructs, grammar representation, program translation and interpretation, storage allocation and run-time organization.Professor is very kind and I love her teaching style. She teaches a bit slow and explains everything in detail. She also encourages student participation in class and asks for students to stop her at anytime if there are questions.

She didn't rush any topics, and will end class early if she finishes covering a topic because she doesn't want to start a new topic with only a few minutes left in class.

She also hosted a review session for midterm and final, which I found very useful.

TAs are also very helpful, and the labs are useful. I constantly made appointments with the TA to make sure I understood all the concepts.This course is well structured and will teach 5 paradigms of programming languages, most of them you have never heard before, really can test whether you are a good programmer and capable to learn a totally different style of programming language, as everyone is at the same starting line.

1. functional programming (SML)
    programming language cannot use loops, all recursion.
2. gramma and expression, language parser
    (BNF notation + regex + C =  Flex and Bison)
3. logical programming (prolog)
    programming using predicates, again no loops.
4. procedure activation (C)
5. parallele and GPU programming (CUDA)

1,2,3 are big topics and the topic of the assignments.

midterm covers SML, BNF, and regex, final covers all.
Both exams are closed-book, closed-notes
the style is very similar to past paper, so doing more past paper can secure your gradeProfessor teaches very well and has good English. She knows deeply about the topics that she taught, and can explain the details clearly, and when doing human compiler she never skip steps so everyone can understand fully. Her way to accomplish the questions taught in class is the way you can answer the questions in the exam, especially past paper review sections. So attend her lectures can bring you great benefit.

LAB is just repeating what is taught in lectures, only useful when giving tips on assignmentsGoes over non-trending programming languages: SML for functional programming, FLEX and BISON to learn about lexers and parsers, and PROLOG for logical programming.
Its a brief overview of each language without too much in-depth details and concepts.
Though it was interesting learning new languages, it could have been better with more detail.
Also briefly covered concurrent programming and GPU programming with CUDA-C with time leftover.
Concurrent programming was not covered in the exam this time, but has been in the past.Prof. Luo is extremely kind, speaks good English, and very accommodating to students.
She goes over the concepts at a pretty steady and comfortable pace, and is never hesitant to answer any questions.The content is pretty easy if you know programming, and you will be very easy to fit in even if you don't know anything about programming.  After these classes, you can actually make a game on your own.The teacher is very humorous, and the class is.... fairly fun, but sometimes you have to spend time to understand what he actually teaches.Please take this course even if you have programming background and want to take COMP102X course.LAM Ngok is a kind teacher, he is willing to answer your questions, but lectures are sometimes boring and slow.you can all in final if your mid term is not as good as final.
seems like other COMP 102X don't have this privilege.
I get A+ very easily.just two tiny programming assignment, interesting but easy. If you have problem, there is tutor in programming common and lab sections. so easyHow to use Python 2.3. While loop, for loop, if conditions, hello world, pygame, turtle graphics etc.Fun. At least not boring
The lab sessions are useful for homework and you can try what you have learnt in lectures by making some gamesQuite Good. Mean = B
Getting full marks in assignments is quite easy because you can keep making corrections before the due date of the homework.Few.Only 2 assignments which 60% of content will be taught during lessons. 40% have to complete by yourself.
Exams are open booked. You just need to revise a little bit at home before examinationsContents are interesting and useful, especially if you are considering to learn more about programming. Even if you don't, you get to learn the logic people use in Computer Science, and it's quite useful, I guess.Rossiter was very organized, very structured and very helpful. He tried to make the class not to be boring. His ppts are very detailed and complete, I sometimes find this annoying because I can't jot notes in class because everything's there already, but I guess it's good if you're planning not to come to class at all. Lecture videos are also provided.Basic Python Programming. For example, variable declaration, for/while loop, if-then-else statement. Clear Notes.Actually I didn't attended all the lessons, but David is good at teach us thinking step by step. Overall I would highly recommend him.Very Good, you can earn A range for above mean 1 SD,  and A+ for above mean 1.5 SD.Very Little.
Only 2 Assignment for writing a music player and a simple game. No attendance is taken so that you can simply refer to the video taken which is available on the course portal.After all, the content of the course is easy, especially for those with little programming background and took ICT as an elective for HKDSE. What was being taught in the course is just introductory programming like FOR and WHILE loop. If you are with programming background and careful enough, this course will be a piece of cake for you.Dr Rossiter is quite a good lecturer as he was able to give lecture with great intonation (in the mean that you won't speak in that way in daily life). With his funny and some anti-logical example, the atmosphere in the class is not boring at all.This course introduces basic programming skills in Python language.Both lectures and labs won't take attendance.
The professors explain very clearly with a lot of examples, but those who have programming background may feel boring.
The lab teacher is willing to answer questions and will make sure everyone understands the material.Teach some basic concept of Python.  It was teached step by step. It is easy for beginner to understand the concept.Good. Gibson is humorous. His lesson is fun. I attended almost all lectures.Quite good. Mean is quite high compared with other course. But this is normal for comp course. Question in the mid term and final is tricky. Lab is easy since TA will demonstrate most the step and code.No very heavy. It has 1 mid term and final. Have complete a lab work every week. No assignment or project for this course.This COMP course is very easy!

This course will teach you how to use Python Programming Language, which is quite simple.

There are two assignments only. No workload at all.

Assignment 1 is about L-system.
Assignment 2 is about the Game Project.

Easy to get A rangeSorry that I never go to any lab, so I don't know how better the TAs are.

And I just go to the first lecture only after I know that there will have no attendance takingThis course is like an introductory  course of programming.Mainly to teach students how to program in Python.My professor is not very funny, to be honest. But what he says is easy to understand and he is very glad to answer our questions about the assignment.I didn't do well in the midterm however  this course allowed us to count only final grade if your final is better than your midterm. So  I worked hard in Final and got an A.You just have 2 labs to do after class.
Don't need to study a lot.Content is good for an introduction to programming and covers all of the basic concepts.

Content consists almost entirely of a series of PowerPoints (which happen to be available on the course website so lecture attendance is unnecessary). For those with any programming background at all, looking through the slides every so often is good enough to completely understand the course content.

Some of the concepts and techniques needed for completion of the assignments are introduced during the labs, but these materials are also available online and very easy to follow.Lectures: Teaching is very slow (perhaps understandably so) and doesn't stray far from the PowerPoint slides. (I personally gave up on attending lectures after a week or two).

Labs: Better.basic python stuffno need attend the lecture
taking lesson will not understand
so dun waste your time
lecturer live in his own world only
lesson is basically uselessI only got 38% on my final exam, mean for my midterm and finally got a B for the whole subject.

i think lecturer give grade depend on the appearance
maybe i am handsome so he give me a b range even below mean on the final examonly two homework quite hard
one assignment took me like a week to finish that and u need to review your code againSome basic programming skill (e.g. for loop, while loop, if-else) using Python. It is quite simple if you have programming background.He explains the example very clearly so it is very easy to understand for beginner but bored for those who have programming background.
Also, half of the lesson was used to revise the material from last lecture so that it doesn't matter if you miss the class. But the time-consuming revision made him become rush to teach new thing so the class always end late for 5-10 minutes.Basic programming skill e.g. for loop, while loop, if-else. Easy to follow even you know nothing about programming. It's a nice beginner course.Professor tries to give you a lot of humorous examples to explain the logic. Also, he is willing to answer students' questions after lessons.Midterm is relatively easy but final is tough. Most of the students get high marks in their assignments.
Overall the grading is fantastic.midterm, final, two assignments ,labs

you can choose whether attend the labs or not. But it's recommended to attend labs since some of the labs are highly related to the assignments.simple programming knowledge
Use python as the teaching language
.file I/O
.frame control
.simple input output
.loop(for/while)
.decision making(if)humorous instructor
no attendance
step-by-step teaching in lab session
unnecessary to take any lab if you have programming background (even a little is okay)It include Python programming skills
I think the content has a little bit of difficulty since I have no background for the coding. The textbook may not help too much because there are usually no problem solving steps. You should take your own time to practice more because there are many kinds of coding even for the same problem (I think it is easy to get confuse for those who have not background).Prof. Lam is funny but his speech is a bit faster. He tried to explain every concept clearly and he was willing to answer doubts.
Both lectures and labs do not need to take the attendance.Easy course
Python is easy to understand and easy to manage
Mainly about:
Basic concept of data type, operators, input and output, loops
turtle graphics
file handling
function
recursion
a bit of object-oriented programing(just the basic idea, you don't have to actually code with it)The course materials are well organized.
My lecturer is also very friendly and usually stays after lessons to answer questions. He gives very interestingly lesson by giving demonstrations in the course.
Gibson's lecture was not boring and actually quite interesting. You won't be bored during his lesson, so do attend his lectures.The content is fairly easy. Even if you are 100% beginner, you will be able to understand the concepts easily.The teaching is very slow and managed for beginners. If you are bad at programming, the lab and the courses will help you a lot.The special part of this course is that your mid term mark could be 0% of your final score if your final term grade is higher. This means that if you are straight beginner and screwed up mid term scores, there is no worries because you can learn until final term and get a better grade in final.Work load is very less. There is no daily homeworks. Your only workload is review for the tests, and two assignments. One assignment is L-system program (you will know when you take this course), and another is python game that looks like Space Invader. Both assignments are fairly easy, and half of the assignment will be easily done by going to the lab. So there is not so much work load for this course. Plus, there is no attendance for lab and courses.This course is mainly about basic programming knowledge.
Half of the lesson talked about turtle in python, while the remaining part is the basic part of python. That's all -- nothing more.

If you have learnt programming (especially oop), this course would be quite simple as most of the content is very very simple -- not even mentioned about inheritance.

still, don't under estimate this course as the exam is quite difficult. There are sooooooo many traps in the questions, and mid term exam is a chance for you to understand how evil they are. It is similar to those questions in dse, except in relatively shorter way.

No attendance, no quiz, no everything except assignment, just all in final and fail the course hahaa(just kidding i am sorry)I won't say it is very bad, though I always felt sleepy in the lesson.( Maybe that's my fault :P)
My professor is LAM, Ngok. During the lesson not much interest things was taught. He simply explain the code function and taught us how the program work. (While I just understand these things from the book before I take the lesson).
To those who never learnt programming before I think he is still a good lecturer, just maybe a bit boring if you already understand what's going on.

(oh btw the tutor is not here anymore )Basic Python programming skillsQuite good. The professor is teaching in a quite slow pace. Though those who already got the basics of programming may feel bored and wanted to proceed quicker
Thr professer is willing to help on students' questions and the course materials are more than than adequateThis course discusses basic stuff about Python 3.6. Including basic syntax (e.g. write,input),iteration statement(for-loop,while-loop),selection statement(if-then-else),l-system,precedence and recursion. It is quite easy and if you pay attention to the course you should be good to go. If you have programming background this should be an easy course.

Highly recommend to all student who studies ICT (elective D) in secondary school to take this course. It should be very easy to you since the knowledge in Pascal/other language other than Java (Just study 1022P if you learn Java before) can somewhat translate into Python (though not all of them). Some new stuff (e.g. recursion, l-system) may be harder to understand but if you put attention on the lecture and have some revision, you should be good to go.To be honest, Mr. Lam's teaching is quite boring. Especially to someone who knows programming to a certain extent. His English is quite clear and you can understand him quite easily. But he spends a lot of time explaining stuff that is actually very easy. This makes his lecture a bit boring.The content of this course is fairly not that difficult, especially if you have a background of basic coding. As long as your basics are clear, you shouldn't have much problem with the course.Prof. Lam is an excellent teacher. He ensures that the entire class is involved and is quite hilarious. He explains everything very clearly and is open to any questions/doubts.Basic Python programming content. If, for and while loops, functions, basic turtle graphics, l-systems.. etc.Try to go for Gibson's lectures even if you are not enrolled in his class. He does much better lectures and you usually will not feel like falling asleep.Good transparency. They give you all your grades including all the statistics.

Assignments are very easy and are worth 40% of your final grade in total so make sure you get as high as possible on them. Mean for assignments is usually around 90-93%.

Midterms: 20%
Finals: 40%

In the case of you scoring better on final exam than on your midterm, the final grade will be worth 60% instead while midterm will not count towards your final grade. So if you do badly on your midterm, you can still all in the finals and get into the A range.

1 SD above mean is about an A-
Mean is about B2 assignments, 1 midterm, and 1 final exam.

The workload is relatively manageable.

They usually give you several weeks to work on each assignment, but try not to do everything last minute, as you want some time to double-check everything and make sure you get that high % for you assignments.Easy to understand if attending all lessons. Just some basic knowledge of python. Examples used in lesson are available for reference in course web.A bit bored, but the instructor is nice and willing to answer questions after the lessons. He will overrun almost every lessons.Not bad, for myself, midterm a bit higher than mean, final below half sd, full marks in both assignments = B.Two assignments together with midterm and final. Assignments are easy if you attend labs. Labs are VERY VERY VERY IMPORTANT for your assignments. Final is a bit hard, required more revision.Basic python programming taught through turtle graphics.Interesting and fun, easy to follow with lots of examples, slides are easy to understand.Very good, can get into A-range easily, a bit harder for A+ but certainly achievable. Midterm is easy and Final is a bit more challenging.No attendance, 2 assignments which took me about 4 hours each.
The assignment is an L-system project and a game project. Grading schemes were released so you could check your program yourself and fix all the possible bugs. Easy to get full marks.Python 3 + turtle library built in python
If you know programming, this is a pretty easy course. If you don't, it is easy for you to learn some basic programming concepts.

There are some basic programming knowledge:
- if/ else
- while/ for
- variable type
- function
- recursion
- basic class (OOP)
etc.

There are 2 assignment:
Assignment 1 is about L-system. your program should draw an appropriate picture. All the technical and math stuff are given and the only thing you need to do is implement those things into your program.

Assignment 2 is making a shooting game. It is a bit challenging but there is enough time for you to doThe teaching is very interesting in Gibson class. He often uses some funny way to talk about the programming concepts.
If you ask him questions, he can explain to you very well.It's all about giving you a basic idea of how to use Python. There are 2 assignments in total with a midterm (optional) and a final exam.Lam Ngok is nice and he is always willing to answer our questions. He explains quite clearly and slowly to make sure you understands. He will ask questions at the end of the class and if you can get the correct answer, you can get extra marks added to your assignment.The whole course is focused towards turtle graphics using python, which in my opinion doesn't really help when it comes to showing your expertise in the subject. Good course for programming beginners I guess.To be honest, never went for a single lecture after the second week of the semester. The lecture slides and the book are enough for learning all the contents of the course. The professor was okay, but went too slow for someone who has programming background from before.It is quite easy if you have the experience of programming. If not , take it easy!  You could handle it if   spending a little time!Gibson is a humorous teacher because he could read the PPT while making up so many funny stories. He is also very considerate. You could feel free to ask any questions related to this course.The content is the basic knowledge of Python for beginners, such as the for loops, the L system, functions, recursions and so on.
The content is super-easy for anyone with programming experience, acceptable for students with no programming background, such as me. The material given from the website is also adequate enough for students to understand well of the lectures.
There's basically no attendance requirement in this class.Pro. Lam will explain almost every detail of the class in every lecture , which sometimes makes the lecture a bit of boring because he sometimes spends pretty much time on a tiny point, and will spend around 5-15 minutes going through the last lecture, depending on the difficulties.
He will also usually try to find some videos relevant to Python program before the lecture.
However, he is very patient and friendly to students, indeed. He would love to answer any question from student within or after the class.Python:
Basic input and output functions
Random numbers
Type of variables: Integer, float, string, lists, tuples, Dictionaries, Boolean
Use of range(), len()
Operators
if, while, for
Function
Recursion
Turtle graphics
L-system
Objects
Event Handling

There are two assignment. The first one is about L-system which can adjust the size of grapic and to center automatically. The second one is a shooting game. If you attend all lab classes, it wont be very difficult.No CommentContent was great and easy to understand. The lecture notes are very self explanatory and it is all you need to study for the final.Good, passionate, and straight to the point. Answers all questions and explains very thoroughly.Good.
Mt 20%
assignment 1 20%
assignment 2 20%
Final 40%

If you work hard, you’ll get good grade.Not much. Labs are easy, assignments require some effort to think of ways to write maybe three-four lines of code, but not too hard. No attendance, so there’s no great need to be in class.Basic programming based on Python version 3.6
Content includes: (NOT in time order!)
1. Preparation (register for CSD account, set up Python, etc.)
2. Basic “Grammar” i.e. Syntax you should follow
3. Usage of Python turtle graphics (Basic drawing commands, EVENT HANDLING)
3. Loops (For, While)
4. Collections of data (list, tuple, dictionary)
5. Handling of those “collections” (access by index, slice notation, add/remove/reverse, etc.)
6. Data types and conversion (integer, float, string, etc.)
7. File handling (Read, Write, FORMATTED OUTPUT)
  7.1 String handling (Strip, Slice)
8. Functions (Creating, Calling w/ arguments)
  8.1 Global/Local variables
  8.2 Special: Event handling functions for turtle graphics
9. Basic Classes (Aka. Object-oriented programming) (Creating instance, interaction)
10. Basic Recursion (Recursion depth, judge what a recursion can do)

Note: No MIDI related stuff.No attendance.

Gibson is a great instructor. Lectures are always fun and you can learn a lot. Never miss lectures.

He is helpful and willing to answer questions after lecture, in either English or Cantonese (But not Putonghua sorry...)

Labs are basically programming exercise, since I rarely attend them I can’t say much.

Lecture notes and Lab notes will be provided, no lecture video. But rarely will lectures teach something out of the note, so as the lab. Even in assignment labs (labs to give you some tips and help you finish the assignment), all the code provided in the lab will be in the note too, so don’t worry much if you skip it (Though I do NOT advise you to do so, since you can’t be sure to understand everything by just looking at the notes)The content is the basic grammar and the structure of how to use Python.
In this course, you will understand the data structure such as stack or class.
More about this course can look through the other comment, I don't want to copy and paste :)
But the final paper is pretty hard, if the paper writer is Gibson. There are some traps that you need to justify. Also, you need to understand the whole language to get a high mark in the final examGibson is a good instructor as he is a quite funny person. You will not get bored when attempting his lesson. On his lesson, sometimes he won't follow the example in the slide but slightly modify the code to become another work.
It is much interesting than those who just follow the powerpoint and read through it.Basic programming concept and logic in a python context, topics include loop, if-statement, list, dictionary, turtle graphics, function, recursion etc. People with programming experience should find them easy to understand; people without prior experience shouldn't find it difficult as well.Gibson is one of the better lecturers at UST, his lessons are not boring and he explains every concept very clearly.Note that the contents of this course vary from year to year, or maybe from semester to semester.

Python part:
1. Text input and output / Variables
2. if-else statements / nested-if
3. while loops / for loops / nested loops
4. Data structure: List and Tuples
5. Lindenmayer System (L-system)
6. Data structure: Stack
7. Functions
8. Operators and Data types
9. Data structure: Dictionary
10. File Handling
11. Objects
12. Recursion

Turtle Graphics part:
1. Moving and Drawing commands (turtle.up, turtle.forward, turtle.left, turtle.circle, etc.)
2. Commands to handle colours (turtle.color, turtle.colormode, etc.)
3. Filling commands (turtle.begin_fill, turtle.end_fill)
4. Text Input and Output commands (turtle.write, turtle.textinput, etc.)
5. Commands to control visibility (turtle.hideturtle.etc.)
6. Commands to control shape (turtle.shape, turtle.addshape, etc.)
7. Commands to control screen update (turtle.tracer, turtle.update)
8. Window setup command (turtle.mode, turtle.setup, etc.)
9. Event handling commands (turtle.onclick, turtle.ontimer, etc.)
10. Others (turtle.width, turtle.speed, turtle.Turtle, etc.)

The contents are quite easy, as long as you are willing to go through all the given notes thoroughly. Unlike COMP 1022P or Q, this course puts some stress on introducing the basics of computer science in line with teaching you to program in Python.LAM, Gibson:
1. Easy-to-understand
2. Teaching (Speaking) style is generally funny

LAM, Ngok:
1. Very detailed explanation (sometimes lengthy though)
2. Boring (Sorry to say that, but it really is)

LAB (Ronald Mo):
easy-to-follow

Both lectures and labs don't take attendance. Generally all three of them are okay. Just sit whoever you like and ask whatever you want to (they are willing to answer any questions).A brief introduction to interactive python programming, including turtle graphic and simple concepts on variable, function, recursion and class.
But if you have any basic knowledge of programming, it would be a really boring course.Every week there'll be two lectures and one lab session.
The instructor and lab TAs are quite responsible and teach you step by step. it's quite good a class for those who haven't learn computer programming before.Detailed introduction Python material, the course can move fast though since there is quite a bit to learn within one semester.Enthusiastic teacher, especially considering he's taught this so many times.Reasonable grading, everything is a point system so not much to argue about there.
Choose highest score between midterm/final to take into final grading + assignments.
You can omit one midterm/final grade.The assignments may take up some of your time, but not too much.
What's important are the Labs because they help with your assignments a lot.Basic python knowledge
Most of the content is included in the high school syllabus
If u have learned ICT in high school, u can handle this subject very easyVery gooddddddddddd
Although u dont attend the lesson also understand because the notes is very clearThe class is interesting and you will like the teacherIntroduction to coding in python, from the bery basics of compilers vs interpretors. If you already know coding in python, then the classes will be very boring.Shows the result of the code live in class. Is approachable and answers all questions that students may ask. Goes at a pace that will allow beginners to understand easily, however people who already know programming will find it too slow.the content is interesting especialy for beginners, however the content is little bit too simple if you want to truly master the language, you need to learn by yourselfDavid, hh intersting guy, you will either crazily love or hate his teaching style, he is actually very nice, if you have any problems, just turn to jim and he usually replies very fastI never learned programming in my entire life, and yet this course was relatively easy. You start with very basics, then progress onto more difficult and complex commands/codes/etc. If you previously learned Python, then congrats, you just got a free A or A+.The instructor always tries his best to make the lecture entertaining, and being a small class (compared to ones in huge lecture theaters), he is able to communicate with the students effectively. He will answer any questions with kind so ask anything to him.better than what I expected before taking this course but please don't expect too much.Prof Rossiter is quite okay for teaching. He is fun.all of the midterm, assignments, and final exam is covered in the total grading and plus on that you may want to do the class participation for the extra point on your grade.
Actually when you get not-really-satisfying grade on the midterm, the prof will make the midterm percentage to the total grade to 0% so that if you work hard on your final exam and assignment then you can cover your mistake in the midterm.
so overall, not bad.workload is quite high as the two assignments can be quite hard for those who never learned coding before.Basic Python Programming, even you don’t know programming at all, the content is not too difficult.The teaching is good. The professor express his ideas clearly. The teaching assistants are also very helpful during the lab sessions. The teaching materials prepared are quite good for understanding.The content is fun, partly because Python is a new knowledge to me, and I really learn a lot in this course. Even though I think it is quite hard to master this computer language, it is still worthwhile to learn the coding and rewarding after you successfully built a program.My instructor is very good and nice, though, he always spoke a bit too fast in the lessons. He is willing to help and answer the questions we have in mind after the lessons. There's always so many students asking him question after the lessons.Most of them were essential basics for programming beginners, and the content is not too difficult for beginners.Gibson is a very good instructor. He teaches students in a way that does not make students feel boring. Moreover, to make the class more interactive, he sometimes asks questions to students, which will award you with bonus marks if you are the first one to answer thThe content is similar every semester and it's ok if you get notes from other students.The instructor is full of energy and you won't fall asleep even taking the 9:30 course. He will also include a lot of in class questions which may be showed up in some of the exams.Very interesting content, pretty basic so it wasn't very hard for me to catch up with the content even though it was my first time to learn computer science.

Midterm, Final, 2 assignmentsHe teaches very well and in a very fun and interesting way. He gives lectures in a pretty organized way and teaches in a way that students can understand more easily. Plus he uploads lecture videos on the website which greatly help students review for exams and students who missed classes.
Labs are very helpful for assignments because they show you how to do almost 80% of the assignments.This course is mainly teaching about Python. Although Python doesn't seem to be as popular as it used to be, it is good to learn more programming language. The course focuses on how you practically use Python rather than the history of Python, so it is kind of useful.Rossiter is good, but he hates students chatting in his lesson. NEVER SKIP ANY LESSON. He will teach something not in the notes but in the final exam.content is good
the things are useful in coding
it is easy to handlethe tutor is good too
he is funny, you won't feel bored
and detail in the lesson
always have some example questions to do together
you will learn a lot from it and get some bonus marks by answering the questions in classits about introduction and how to use python. Two assignments, one midterm and one final examVery good. Very clear very specific very nice the professor is very nice, he is willing to answer you questions after classVery good. High mean
For the two assignments, people usually get more than 80/90 marks out of 100
For mid term, people usually get 80/90
For final exam, the mean is 6xVery low workload
One midterm
One final exam
Two assignment

You can choose not to attend the midterm
Then there will be more weights on final examBasic knowledge about python
Some concepts might be a bit hard, but if you review lecture notes carefully, you will easily understand.
Personally I really enjoyed this class because I haven't learned computer science before.He is the best professor I've every met in UST. There is no attendance, and lecture videos are uploaded, but I still went to the lectures because his teaching was nice and fun.Good for learner to computer science. It is recommended to those who are interested in python.The instructor gave many comprehensive demo, which are good and detailed. Every lectures he just goes straight to the points and only mentions those are most likely appeal in the exam. Therefore, not suggest to skip his classes.the content is pretty easy and basic.
It's quite suitable for students with no programming background.
in the course, there are turtle graphics, midi music player and basic syntax etc. But it focuses on turtle graphics mostly.David is a excellent teacher. He provided an interactive learning environment for students and prepares the lectures with interesting content.Python 3
Every week two lectures of 50 mins
Buying the textbook is optional, but you can bring the textbook and notes to the exams.
There will be some bonus questions in the last 5 mins of the lectures and if you receive bonus marks, this will go to your assignments.Receive quite a lot of support from the TAsbasic syntax of python and programming logic. The overall content is quite easy and interesting as a first-step course to programmingGibson is quite humorous. However, since the content is not difficult and detailed described in ppt, it's totally fine to skip all the lessons.Exam is not difficult as all. It is rather like testing your carefulness. One small careless mistake will make you lose a sub grade.No homework and only two interesting assignments, midterm and final. As for the lab, they can be skipped although they are helpful for the projects. As for midterm and final, it is mainly filling in the blank. Therefore, understand the syntax will be fine, no need to master them if you only aim for exam.interesting course, the coding is quite easy. If you have basic understanding of coding, this course should be easy for you.Teaching of Gibson is fun. He explains everything very clear and detailed. I attend all lesson even if it is 930am lesson.
Before the submission of final project, you can feel free to ask him. He will answer question about the assignment.Fundamental course for programming learning basic syntax, data types and functions using Python.Interesting. Recommend to attend all the lectures even if you have learnt most of the content. The lecture content is different from the notes you find in canvas. So if you miss the lecture, you will probably receive less information than others.Content is interesting, teaching about Python. The course teaches students how to write a game and draw graphic using Python. Wouldn't feel boring if you have interest in programming.The teaching is good. The professor can express his ideas clearly. He taught us to think step by step and logically. A good professor.The content is pretty easy even if you don't know programming! The content is basic if you can learn it well, you will find it easy to learn COMP2011 (COMP1021 teaches python and COMP2011 teaches C++ but some of their contents are the same.)Gibson is humorous and is really patient when answering our questions. He always draws a vivid picture to help explain.
Our LAB instructor is Ronald MO and he teaches well and is also very patient when answering questions. But I really think sometimes he doesn't what he is talking about...Pretty basic programming concepts like if-clause, for loop ,etc. are included in the course

Interesting topic like playing music are also included. Pretty easy indeed.I didn't attend class a lot so not quite sure.Useful.
Basic python knowledge.
Focusing on loops,conditional grammar, turtle program, pygame```Humorous and thoughtful.
On the lecture of introducing turtle programs, a turtle pet even appeared suddenly.A little too harsh.
A small mistake may cause a big difference in your exam results. Pay attention to every line you see in the exam paper.
Two assignments:
1st:20%
2nd:20%
midterm:20%
final:40%
Or:
Two assignments:
1st:20%
2nd:20%
final:60%
Choose a better score to be your final score.
My overall score is 96.4. I got an A+.
My friend got 92.4. Only A.Nearly zero. EXTREMELY low workload.Normal programming course, learning basic skills
python is a relatively easy language than java,but the assessment is more difficult than comp1022p
excel vba is only for people not trying to learn programming language but required by curriculumgibson is a funny guy, and is willing to answer questions
however, lab session there is not enough teaching assistant, ron is not able to answer all pupil's question, and he is teaching far to fastIt's fun but not practical. At the end of the day you would learn now to make a music program and a space invader game. But how can you put it into use on a daily basis? Yet it would be great for someone who want some fun. But really, drop it if you find it difficult to understand, really. Or else it won't be a course which you can get a good grade.The professors are humorous and there might be jokes in between lectures. Attendance is not required in the class which means that you can skip lessons at anytime but i do not recommend you to do so because I did and I found it hard to understand the concepts and this contributed to my poor grade :(Basic Python programming.
Turtle graphics, if, loops, functions, etc, and a little bit about objects.The professor is humorous and the class is quite fun. But you can still understand all the things by only looking at the lecture notes.Good.
20% assignment1 (mean: 88.5/100)
20% assignment2 (mean: 92.4/100)
20% midterm (mean: 69.3/100)
40% final (mean: 62.4/100)

Easy to get full marks for the assignments. Clear marking scheme is given so by testing the program carefully you would know whether you have done the right things.
Both exams are open-notes. Not too hard to get full marks but you may lose many marks if you are not careful enough.
Don't trust the past paper because the difficulties are quite different.Very light.
Lab work and 2 assignment.
For the lab work you don't need to submit but it is good to finish them all. Some are parts of the assignments. I didn't go to the lab and just did all of them at home.
For the assignments most of the parts are done in the lab sessions.This course is about PYTHON. It is really easy even without any background of computer. In the first class, the professor said that this course is for students with no background. So there is no need to worry about the      
that.The teacher is really good. There were some jokes in the class. But i think the class is boring. i can hardly learn something in the lecture. From the note, i can know almost everything.The powerpoint slides are clear and the contents can be followed easily even if you do not attend any lessons. The mid-term and final are open book. It shouldn't be difficult if you print and tag all the notes.Prof Lam is passionate and responsible. He is open to questions during lessons and tries his best to make sure every student in class follows. Unfortunately, this may make some of the students feel the pace is too slow.The courses teach some basic syntax of Python.
It mainly focuses on turtle graphics, MIDI music and touches about a little bit about class and object.The instructor is passionate and responsible. It is a pleasant experience to attend his class, though I think his pace sometimes was too slow... (He repeated some simple stuff and spent too much time on it.)Has very clear powerpoint slides uploaded to course website. Easy to follow. Even got a summary cheat sheet provided for final exam.Idk much about the teaching, since I only attended the first 2 lessons. Gibson is a chill guy tho.I never learnt anything related to computer coding whatsoever. Literally zero in this field, still got no problem at all in the course. Attended none of the lab, only read notes on the course website, got an A. Nothing much to say.Only 2 assignment, mid-term and final. Assignment might take some time for people unfamiliar with programming stuffs, but still easy to get full marks as long as you are careful at reading.Although the name suggests “Intro to CS”, it’s actually just basic programming in Python.Most of the time, content presented in the classroom is covered in the lecture notes. But sometimes the instructor will use other examples, which are more interesting than those in lecture notes. For example, he uses real midterm data (scores, student ID, lecture section) to teach us file reading in python. He knows the materials quite well, and he does try to make the lessons interesting. Sometimes he will ask questions, you get assignment points (used to boost assignments marks if you didn’t get full marks) for answering them correctly.Basic iterations and decision of programming. Basic ideas and paradigms of CS. Content may be jumping from one to another frequently. If you have no programming background, it's better to take a look at some coding examples (Psuedocode will do).In detail. Prof. Lam has a tendency in speaking faster and faster in class. You may want to raise your hand if you can't keep up or have any questions. He doesn't like people talking in class, so just keep the volume to a minimum with your coursemates. TA/IA are always helpful in your assignment or any bugs that you find. Though, ask your friends to take a brief look if a problem is found. Don't find TA/IA about silly mistakes instantly or you risk get your *** kicked xd.The course teaches simple python syntaxes and how computer logic works. This is a great starting course for anyone new to coding because you can learn how to give your computer commands and follow their logic while not having to deal too much with the complicated coding syntax (Java).Not enough supplementary explanation is given during lecture. The instructor simply reads off of the ppts, which are all uploaded on the comp website, so I stopped going to lectures midway. Revising on your own will give you the same understanding of the class material even if you don't attend the lectures.Content is basic Python programming, variables, loops, functions, recursion and stuff like that. It should be quite easy if you know some programming basics, and even if you don't it shouldn't be too difficult.Gibson is a great professor, one of the best I've seen at UST. He likes to make little jokes in the lectures to make them more interesting and he makes really detailed powerpoint slides which help with easier understanding. Labs are very detailed but I skipped most of them so not much to say.easy content, just basic programming concepts e.g. if-then-else, for/while loops. People who studied ICT before (especially programming as elective) should have no problem at all.Prof. has great sense of humor. Don't have much to say as I have skipped most lessons. Lab session are extremely detailed so good for newbies but bad for those who are switching from other language.Basic programming knowledge
Loops, recursion, operators
Turtle graphics, objects
In Python languageGibson is friendly and humorous, willing to answer students questions after class
all materials are uploaded on website so I don't really go to class
the notes are clear tooLectures are about basic python programming. Labs are mainly taught to make small games. No attendance will be recorded. The tests are open-book, open-notes.Professor Lam is a very good teacher. He will make some jokes in his lecture and demonstrate some improved examples that are not limited to the notes.Assignments    2*20%
Midterm Test    20%
Final Exam       40%
or
Assignments    2*20%
Final Exam       60%
whichever is higherThere are two assignments, submitted online. The workload is relatively small and assignments are easy if you go to  labs where you will be clearly instructed and guided.Basic knowledge of python programming,including for loop,while loop,recursion,object-oriented programming,list,calculation,turtle graphics.......

Fairly easy to understand,even you if don't have any programming background(like me).the language itself is very clean and clear,so it is the best language if you start picking up programming.

You will feel like you really are learning something in this course.Very Good.

two 50-min lecture and 2 hour lab per week,no attendence needed
I suggest attending EVERY single class.Don't skip it.During each lesson a lot of knowledge and topics will be covered,so you will miss a lot and find yourself difficult to follow up if you are absent.

Both professor and Teacher Assistant are friendly,talkative,and willing to explain your problem in an comprehensive way.Always feel free to ask if you have any questions.

Overall best course I have attended so far,in contrast to 1906Best introduction to computer science out of the options available.
If you choose VBA you'll regret once you reach COMP 2011 if you dont have prior programming knowledgeLectures are good, but it is ok if you don't go since he uploads all the slides online and they are very understandable and clear.Quite simple, just the most basic of python. (eg. if-then, loop...
)The course focus on the turtle module which is quite easy to understand. But it's actually fun to be able to write something and run it successfully.The lecturer was very nice and helpful! Highly recommend.Very good. Teaching very basic and useful Pyhon skills. Whisch is very useful for freshmen. Very good. Teaching very basic and useful Pyhon skills. Whisch is very useful for freshmen. Very funny. He is best instrutor I have ever met. He is a very good person. He even gave me a coffee ticket.Very funny. He is best instrutor I have ever met. He is a very good person. He even gave me a coffee ticket. Very funny. He is best instrutor I have ever met. He is a very good person. He even gave me a coffee ticket.Not very difficult. Basic programming knowledge.Divid is a really interesting person. He could use a relative relax way to explain the knowledge. Most importantly, he can always give a prompt help.Because both mid-term and final are open book exams, the main point is to understand the content but not memorizing them. Easy to get an A rangeOnly 2 assignments, one midterm and one final. Not much to remember but it needs time for you to really type the cod into the computer to have a thoroughly comprehension.The content is typically about the basic ideas and operations that every language covers and realized in python language. And the language is pretty easy to understand as it is almost plain "English".The class may be a little boring because the teacher is mainly reading notes, but the PPT is still important and more individual thinking and questioning help a lot in understanding.the content is all about python progranmming, and in my opinion this course is appropriate for laymen to get to know the world of computer science.very specific or maybe overly specific, there is no need to worry about whether you can understand the content if you are willing to. instructor will explain one concept for many times, the notes is clear too.It's a useful introduction course to computer science and pre-requisite for other bridging courses and advanced CS courses. Basic operations and logic applications in Python language. Highly recommended.Delivered in and precise and clear way. Easy to understand if you attend every lecture and tutorial. Examples, lab demonstrates and other course materials will be uploaded previous to each of the session and updated accordingly afterward.Python essentials
From data structure to class and objects.
But lately if you want to use python for working or research, you'll find the content of this course inadequate. You still have to go online and watch tutorials to make use of pythonThe instructor is very humorous, active and responsive.
Lotsa jokes in class. People are always laughing and having fun while learning. This is great-simple python coding
-quite interesting
-suitable even for students who never learnt programming
-easy to follow
-the midterm exam was quite easy
-the final exam was a bit more difficult than the midterm exam-Funny professor with nice british accent
-teached very well
-ppt can be downloadedIt covers only basic knowledge of computer science.  Students will be able to write simple programs.Gibson's teaching style is very interesting and he tells a lot of jokes in class. However he has a strong accent. Sometimes its hard to follow.Impossible to get A+, need at least 95% for an A+. I've got 80% overall and it is a B+.Not many workload there are two easy assignments but need some thinking. There is a midterm and a final. Both of them are  open book examsIt is all about Python 3.2.The Professor is very nice and always willing to answer students' questions after class. The class may not extremely funny, but not too bad.Very nice.
Follow the instruction in lab, which will help you finish parts of the assignments. It is sort of easy to get the full marks for the assignments since you can run the program to see if it works or not.
You may gain extra point if answer a question during class.There is 1 mid-term and 1 final, both are open book exams. You can take all the lecture notes and your work from the lab section.  
There are also 2 assignments. Both of them is to write a program. One is a music system and another one is a game.Very easy introduction class in Python where you just learn the basics of programming like strings, for, if/else, and while loops. I wouldn't worry about it too much however if you're not a logical thinker it could be a bit tricky however there's a lot of online resources like codeacademy or coursera which go much farther in depth than this class.The teaching is what you would expect for an intro classThis course is about Python. Of course, as a 1000 level course, the content covers the basic and the easiest part of Python such as loops and some class things but students can still learn the way of thinking of computer programming.Both instructors, two Dr. Lam, may be two of the best teaching staff I have ever met at HKUST. They are so kind and helpful. They will not hesitate to answer your question. Lectures and labs are so fun and the learning atmosphere is wonderful.this course is about how to use python. it is really easy and interesting. some basic code and introduction to turtle graphics.just so so it mostly depends on yourself
i think reading notes is better than listening to the lecture2 assignment and very easy to get full mark. final is easy and if your midterm will decrease your mark they can overlook your midterm. finally i think it is easy to get A plussmall just 2 assignments and some labs
assignments can mostly be completed in labsMost of them were essential basics for programming beginners, and the content is not too difficult for beginners.Gibson is a very good instructor. He teaches students in a way that does not make students feel boring. Moreover, to make the class more interactive, he sometimes asks questions to students, which will award you with bonus marks if you are the first one to answer them all correctly. Also, he answers questions after classthe course is about python
not too deep and difficult in this course
it's useful and fun to learn to draw some graphic using turtle and basic computer language stuff is covered.
it's not hard to learn even you are fresh to programming and have no related background knowledge.Gibson taught well and it's not boring
the notes will be distributed in the first two lessons
all the notes and labs are explained and designed will that it's easy to understand
No attendance will be taken, so u can skip all lectures including labs(not suggested) if u have confidence to do self-study.There is 2 program assignments, one designing a music player, the other one designing the space invader game.With 2 exams, midterm and final, all open notes and books. The notes should be beyond enough for the exam. The lecture notes have no differences to those in the past, just ask the seniors for notes.The teacher is funny, and has shown a very strong understanding in Python. I was really stunned when he sent us the 'Puzzle and dragon' game in Python file.This is an introduction course to computer science. The course mainly covers the basics of using the Python interpreter. The teachers teach us about some of the basic implementations of coding such as, input and output, conditional statements, for and while loops. Other materials are dictionaries, stacks, and classes. The teachers also teaches the use of the pygame module that is included which allows to programmer to import some modules which can be used to help to programmer to make games.Teacher teaches in a very engaging and interesting way. He is able to explain the concepts of course and makes it easy for students to understand. Teacher also makesly jokes in class which makes the learning environment very interesting and is clearly very knowledgeable in the course material that he is teaching.Great introduction to several programming methods using the python programming logic. Great for students without any background in cs.Professor Lam usually speaks with a monotonous tone which may drive you into boredom and cause you to sleep. But he is a very patient and helpful professor if you have nay doubts.Python 2.3 language - pretty simple and easy introduction!
ex. turtle graphics, pygame, different loops (while/if/recurring), if conditions (elif...),Funny professor, tries to make it as interesting as possible. Reads everything from his detailed ppts, so u actually don't need to go to class.
Lectures are less than an hour, which makes it easy to concentrate if u are there!Nothing fancy, basic programming knowledge. Would be a waste of time for those familiar with other programming languages.The prof mainly read from his lecture notes. Actually, there is no much to comment on.I think it is pretty good, because there are so many students taking the course. And the introduction courses are certainly not set to scare people off. There are pastpapers actually. The questions are pretty similar in every year's exams.Pretty light workload. Two exams, two assignments. I think its less than 500 lines of code.Fundamentals of programming using Python 3.2 because at the time I took this course, it was almost 2017.

Objects, Loops, Lists, Slicing, Functions, and some other stuff.

Used Pygame (for turtle and midi projects)Good teaching for the classes I went to. Labs were quite good as well, fast-paced but clear. The lecturer was very enthusiastic.

And then, well, I stopped going to class. So I don't really know what the classes were like after the second lecture.

Same goes for the labs (oops).The content of the course is quite good, the lecture slides are high quality and the assignments are enjoyable and not difficult. The language taught is Python, which is in my opinion the best language for beginners.Teaching is acceptable. The pace is quite slow especially if you know some programming, but is tolerable.For any student who is being acquainted to programming for the first time, the course does look interesting. The programming language taught here is Python, which has a simpler syntax as compared to other languages like Java or C++. However, if you are looking at this course from the perspective of going for a major in Computer Science, I would recommend you to skip this course and instead look at COMP1022P.Professor Rossiter is a great professor, who is so lively that you seldom feel sleepy in his class. He has a great and a very understandable accent, and he knows how to engage the class.No CommentThe content is very fun and applicable. You get to build your own game. Good course for programming novices who want their first experience with a programming language.Rossiter is the better professor. He makes the class very interesting and definitely does not make it difficult to want to attend class.Learn about basic programming skills in 'Python' including "Hello World" and other terminologies with hands-on lab sessions on Functions, Arrays, Recursion, GUI and even a slight touch on Classes.David Rossiter is a FANTASTIC professor. Teaches the concepts in a really passionate way so that students can get the idea really easily and quickly. Greatest professor ever met in terms of teaching in UST.Basic Python programming.
For students who want a easier course may take the VBA course instead. But this course is not too diffiicult though.David will demonstrate every examples showed on the notes so it is suggested to attend the lectures.

Attendance of lab sections is not required, but I highly suggest student not to miss any of the lab section because many of the assignment details will be go through during the lab.Very BASIC programming concept. If...then...else, loops and etc.Very funny and energetic instructor, should not have any problem understanding his English.As long as you do the programming assignments yourself without copying each other, you should not have any problem with your midterm and final. Students without programming background should be able to get B range or above. (As long as you are not terrible at programming)The only workload is the programming assignment. It depends on whether you are terrible at understanding basic programming concept or not.The course is designed as a introductory, so it didn't cover many topics which are important for Python. A bit inadequate for people who wish to learn more about Python or CS students. Anyway, not bad.Rossiter is very funny. His lectures are always full of laughs. And obviously he is a native speaker.  He is also willing to answer students' questions.Basic Python programming language. No need for computer background.Excellent teacher

Very engaging and humorous to keep lectures fun and exciting. Explains everything step-by-step to make sure everyone even without computer background can understand.

Powerpoint notes are very straightforward and concise, uploaded online each week. Can ask questions after lectures or TAs in lab time, they are friendly and willing to help.Teaching the basic concept of programming using Python. Python is a relatively easy programming language for beginners because the codes are like English. You have to attend most of the lessons in order to get familiar with the logic flows for exam.Really fun. The professor can give you a happy lesson. I Promise.The course format is basically two exams, 2-3 assignments, labs and an individual project.

The syllabus covers the basics of Python, loops, data types and the Turtle graphic library.

There is no attendance requirement for the lectures. Do attend the labs as you get to ask the TAs about your assignments/labs.The lecturer always teaches with passion and presents material in humorous way.

The TAs are typically helpful with your work. Ask and you can receive.Basic python skills. For those without any computer background, it is also easy to understand.It is good to attend David's lecture. You will never feel boring in the lesson.normal grading. I got mean in the final exam but below one SD in the midterm exam. I got a B in the result.With the help of TA, it is quite easy to finish the assignment . Actually, you can finish most part of the assignment in computer labs, we just need to add a few at home.Knowing how to code helps a lot with the content of this course, still it is not a very difficult course. By the end of the course you learn some useful informationThe teacher is pretty decent though nothing exceptional.Passing this course is easy but having an A is not that simple since the content is not difficult the average gradesIf you know how to code the workload is minimum though if you don't you might end up spending way more time than others on the projects.Intermediate levels of python.
Topics are pretty easy before midterm.
And it gets harder after midterm.
Final is open-booked yet quite challenging.The professor explains and demonstrates the content slowly and clearly, yet the tone is quite boring. At the end of each lesson, the professor asks simple questions about the lecture and the student who answers correctly can get bonus points for the assignments. He is also willing to answer your questions.Basic Python
if statements; while/for loops; turtle graphics; data types; functions; recursion; stacks; objects

Assignment 1: Music Player
which I thought was quite easy
Assignment 2: Collision Game with Turtles
Despite a much higher mean, I personally think it was actually harder than the Music Player.

This had been largely an interesting course but the exams were't really easy.

The ability to memorise won't help much. I guess being able to think logically and mathematically is way more important.He taught really well (by HKUST standards.)
The lecture slides were well prepared; the lectures were just 50 minutes long but still nicely paced.

I didn't go to the labs.The course is basically about Python 3.2.

It's a bit hard to me as i do not have any prior ICT or programming background.

The course covers turtle graphics, music and game.Lam Ngok's teaching is quite boring and in a really slow pace, he could never catch up the  timeline. He kept on repeating without using different ways to explain so I am still confused even he explained so many times.

As they provide lecture videos, I skipped my classes and listen to Rossiter's class which is a lot much better. He's like a typical western people so I feel much interested.This course teaches basic programming concepts through Python 2.0. These concepts include, but are not limited to, the following:
-> Variables
-> Functions
-> Classes
-> Recursion
-> Operators
-> For/While loops
-> Dictionaries, tuples and lists
-> Stacks
-> If/Nested-if statement

These concepts are mostly taught using the built-in turtle graphics to help visualise the aforementioned concepts.Prof. Gibson Lam is an enthusiastic instructor, and knows how to explain the materials to students with little to no programming background. He also thoroughly prepares for each lecture, as he always makes simple programs before the lecture to illustrate its contents more easily to students. He is also willing to help you if you have any questions regarding programming.The content is about internet exploring and security. Quite boring.Teaching is quite boring and meaningless. Not all the materials teach is useful in the real life.Grading are quite bad. I got mean in exam and only score c. There are many nds and mainlander in the course and pull up the mean. One of the bad course in ust. Suggested to use another course to fullfill the requirmentWorkload of the course is quite heavy. It has a lot of course materials and paper work to do and remember. Some of them are containing some meaningless word and paragraph which is boring.Contents in this course includes:
- meeting with faculty academic advisor
- attend the Department UG Orientation
- 1st term of CSE (eg Year 2 Fall for DSE): attend 1 seminar
- All in-between terms: attend 2 seminars each term for COMP students OR 1 seminar for COSC students
- Last term in CSE: No seminar required
- Fill in a graduation survey
- Might be invited to an optional casual gathering

Details:Just some topics related to CSE, sometimes is interesting while sometimes is...you know what I mean.The content is really outdated. It won't have much practical use in the workplace. Might have to relearn things.
You get a lot of practice on Javascript and SVG. Not so much for jQuery, AJAX and PHP, as a result of them providing most of the code for the related assignments.He is easy to listen to. But you would learn better by reading the powerpoints alone rather that listening to him. He hardly explaining anything in detail. As a result, he often dismisses his class early, which is nice. That said, he is willing to answer questionsThe content of the course falls so much behinds the tide.   The first few classes are about basic HTML, CSS,JAVASCIPT, one class for Jquery and then 4 classes for SVM. This is bbefore the midterm. After the midterm comes PHP and some theoretical stuff. The course takes too much emphasis on SVM and PHP, while it should be focusing on new languages instead.his teaching is quite well, to be honest. With everything quite clear. Nevertheless, the clearness is based on the knowledge of the listeners. If we knew the content, then everything he says makes sense. Otherwise his teaching is all messed up.Lots of things varying from html, SVG, PHP. Since it is a programming based course it requires lots of practice on the new language. This course also covers few concepts of xml and server-client interaction. A great course after all but the instructor did go to deep on every topic introduced. Those who have learned about internet programming can handle this course very easily.Good English, easy to follow. Also the professor's logic is very clear and he explained everything in simple words, so some of the complex concepts can be understood in the lecture. However, he did not explain every thing into very detailed, so students still have to spend some time on studying if you wish to learn more.It's a quick tour through most popular internet technologies. Starting with HTML, CSS and JavaScript going over to XML and PHP. For most topics it's just scratching the surface.

I liked the fact that jQuery was incuded as well, since it is very popular these days and allows for some cool results with few lines of code.

The XML part I found to be a little bit too detailed compared to the rest.Teaching in general is very good. However I found that the materials are sometimes are little old and optically not very consistent. There's quite a lot of old and deprecated stuff in the Lab code as well as on the slides. A revision for JavaScript ES6 and PHP7 would be appropriate.Refer to the course description above for concrete content. I believe the difference between this class and the non-honor one is that this class skipped all the basic math at the very beginning, and introduce more involved and well-known algorithms which do NOT appear in the examinations(the reason may be that they are hard to test). I tried the past paper of the non-honor one, and I genuinely do not think that the tested content of the two classes differ much.Professor Golin is nice and devoted into teaching. He tried hard to encourage students to give some comments and questions in the class. Also, he was very willing to help with the assignments. His pace was quick, so the lectures were less boring. Although he did not test content that were only covered in class but not in the notes, skipping his lectures is not encouraged. His teaching can really facilitate your understanding. On the other hand, the TA is less helpful. The tutorials were extremely boring. The only function of tutorials was to get back the graded assignments and exam papers. Answers to tutorial notes written by Professor Golin would be uploaded to his website anyway.Contents are sufficient but remain at introductory level. Lectures are mostly talking about some must-known concepts of software engineering. You could get a general understanding about dev pattern, testing, architecture, etc. The group project is a web application. However, there is almost no difference between 3111 and 3111H, which made me a bit disappointed.Professor is active in teaching and sharing his own experience, but sometimes lab materials are not well-prepared.The content is essentially about Design Patterns, Development Processes, and many other common Software Engineering Practices.The professor's teaching style is okay.

He tries to interact with the students, but they do not respond much.

His English is not bad to understand either.Not that updated and not much different from C++ foundation courses, some important topics, like networking, clients and servers are even missing from previous semesters, not to mention current popular Java spring framework, AOP, etc.

1. Java basics
2. Objects and classes
3. Inheritance and polymorphism
4. Exceptions, assertions and file I/O
5. Abstract classes and interfaces
6. GUI programming
7. Event-driven programming
8. Multithreading
9. Generics and collections
10. Lambda expressionsDesmond's teaching skills are impeccable. You always have fantastic learning experience when attending his class. Lecture videos are a great plus for this course as well.Very good course learn Java programming. The professor will cover all the necessary concepts like OOP, GUI programming, Generic Programming, Exception Handling. Very well structured, well-executed course.Desmond is very very good at teaching and will make the course very enjoyable. He makes the content interesting and understandable. The video lectures are also plus in case we want to revise.Very rich in content, covered many topics about Java programming, mentioned comparison between C++ and JavaDesmond teaches really well.  Every topic is explained in detail combining with instant demos and theories behind.  Humorous and encouraging.The content before mid-term is quite easy. If you did well on comp1022p and comp2012, you can probably follow the teaching schedule by yourself. The content after mid-term, something related to server and javaFX, is relatively difficult and need more time and example to understand.The lecture notes are difficult to read. The professor did not explain the lecture notes and examples well. It will be better to read it by yourself. If you attend the lecture, bonus marks will be given.(No accurate marks were told..) but I would say, save time to complete your assignment....

Each week will have a compulsory lab session. The TAs did not teach in the lab session. They are only there to answer questions...The course cover most topics about java (Thread, javaFX, class and etc). The knowledge is useful. If you are looking to master java, this is a course you may want to takeThe lecture is friendly, he gives a lot of additional information, exercise, quiz.
The TA are so helpful. They are willing to stay after the lab session to answer question. You can also ask them through email, they will answer you within two day mostly.Entertaining and relevant content
Probably one of the best comp courses that I have taken, I learnt so much in course and I think it also helps you after college in work as well since you get to know all the quirks and your way around linuxGood teacher but need to pay attention in class
Slides are very detailed and labs give you experiential learning as wellThe content is about the essential Java code.
The course covers topics like Loops, Functions, Arrays, Strings, Structures, Recursion, File Input and Output. The course will introduce some program such as Greenfont and BlueJ to write JAVA.The course explained codes clearly through text and pictures. It is an online course, you can go to Youtube and watch the videothe course covers topics like Loops, Functions, Arrays, Strings, Structures, Recursion, File Input and Output.
you will learn to use BlueJ and Greenfootvery good
there are many example provided
and the topics are explained clearly
the instruction of the exercise is detailed and also easy to understandSome basic java language learning via BlueJ, you would learn text input/output, looping, class. array, file input/output. In the last chapter, the course would introduce a programme called Greenfoot, it s used to make a fun game.The course explained codes clearly through text and pictures. Besides, some example is also provided for you to download and study. Apart from regular mandatory assignments,  you could also finish some extra review questions.
Gibson is a star wars fans, the exam contain so many questions associated to star wars. That s really out of my expectation.XDBasic intro course to Java programming.
It teaches you the basic syntax of the language.
The course uses BlueJ (3 labs) and Greenfoot (1 lab).
Nothing difficult at all; if you had past programming experience and are willing to learn programming on your own, you're good to go.Combination of online reading lectures and video labs.
Basically it's all self-learning by yourself.
Going through the lectures is not graded, but you have to submit a lab every 2 or so weeks, which is graded (need 60%+ total).Concept are varies from CPU , memory management etc,the struffes are mainly memorize and calculation should paid more attention because it 's easily to have mistake when you repeat to calculated the formula.(At least I usually make that type of mistakes.)

And I don 't think that it 's practical and only focus on theory.Kai is a good teacher that he paid many of efforts for student improvements(such as meeting with those students after mid term examination).

And sometimes would have in class discussion with students but sometimes he taught concept fast.All the content is the same as previous semesters. The notes are a bit old and nothing new or interesting inside. It is really poor to have no practical stuff in the course... of low nutritional value.

If you have a chance to exchange out,DO NOT take this here.Good instructors and helpful tutors cannot help the boring course materials which intrinsically suck.Principles, purpose and structure of operating systems; processes, threads, and multi-threaded programming; CPU scheduling; synchronization, mutual exclusion; memory management and virtual memory; device management; file systems, security and protection

many concepts, it is hard for me to understand them. don't know do what.didn't do to the lectures because it is very boringContent is basically same through out 20+ yrs, same with general OS course, concurrency, parallelism, file system, memory, task scheduling etc...

Personally I have background knowledge so I can accept it pretty fast (as I have experience in software exploitation), but could be hard to beginners (?) because of teaching.Lecturer taught this course for over 20 years.
(but no one do related research in UST so good quality teaching is not expected :/)

Go to a few lectures in the beginning, feels boring :/ and mostly just follow the slides

Seems no one listen to lecturer in class....

I revise and learn new (?) concept by the slides, homework and pastpaper only.This course introduces the use and composition of the operating system. From Operating System Structures, to topics on Processes and Threads and also Memory and Storage Management.

The course contents may require both understanding of the concepts and also memorizing of the related contents, which students who are not good at memorizing  may need more time and effort.

The course covers topics which provides a deeper understand to computers, which could benefit software developers to improvise when developing software. Without this understanding of the operating system, code and program can still be written but this course surely would improve the scope of consideration during planning and developing of software.The powerpoint summarize the contents but is not easy to understand the concepts simply by reading the slides. (It is possible but takes time) The textbook of the course has some more additional explanations and examples. It would be useful if certain concepts cannot be understand by just reading the powerpoint silides.

Prof LI has been teaching this course for a while, he is familiar with the content and concepts of the course. He explains the concepts in a detail and understandable way, not just by reading out the slides. (i.e. he tells the concepts by his own words and understanding) Therefore, I think his lecture would help a lot understanding the contents, if compared to reading from the powerpoint slides only.Theoretical course content. Topics include:
Basics of OS, Types of OS, Process Concepts, Threads ,Process Scheduling and Synchronisation, Deadlock, Memory Management, Virtual Memory, File Systems, Mass Storage Systems.

Content isnt very difficult. Some easy calculations to do. Questions are fairly theoretical.Well, if you like Desmond, he should be the best of instructors for the course. If not, you might find it hard to concentrate in classes.
But given the syllabus, I think he does a fine job explaining and giving practice/sample/possible questions in class. So going to class might help a tad bit.This course is designed for students with substantial programming backgrounds. No newbies please. You'll flunk the hell of whole course.

There are 3 main parts.
Basics
1.1 Introduction
1.2 C++ Basics
1.3 If-else Statement
1.4 Loops
1.5 Functions
2.1 Pass by Reference
2.2 Arrays
2.3 Recursion
3.1 Miscellaneous Flow Control
3.2 Local, Global Variables and Scope
3.3 More on Functions
3.4 Separate Compilation
3.5 File I/O
3.6 Structures
3.7 Pointers
3.8 Dynamic Objects

Object-oriented Programming (OOP)
6.1 Classes and OOP
6.2 Abstract Data Types (ADT)
6.3 Classes with Dynamic Members
6.4 List as ADT
6.5 Overloading
6.6 More on Classes
9.1 Generic Programming
9.2 Standard Template Library (STL)
9.3 String
10.1 Inheritance
10.2 Polymorphism

Data Structures & Algorithms
4.1 Lists
4.2 List Algorithms
5.1 Algorithm Analysis
5.2 Merge Sort, Insertion Sort
7 Lists, Stacks, and Queues
11.1 Trees, Binary Trees, and Binary Search Trees (BST)
11.2 AVL-trees - Part I
11.3 AVL-trees - Part II
11.4 Heaps, Heap Sort, and Priority Queues
12 Hashing
13.1 Graph and Breadth First Search (BFS)
13.2 Depth First Search (DFS)
13.3 B+ Trees

Pay attention to topics marked with .

Among all the 3 main parts, the most difficult one is certainly data structures and algorithms. Make sure you spend time on topics related to implementation and manipulation of data structures like linked lists, stacks, queues, binary trees and heaps.

The PowerPoints have been among the messiest I've ever seen - they just switch from topic to topic without any linkage or transition in between. Horrible.The professor only skimmed over the "philosophy" but never explained how to implement them. Lectures are futile - don't even waste time on attending them. Better rely on self-studying.

The TA's are even worse. They just released assignments without previously building a viable program themselves, and it turned out they'd overlooked a great deal of important details in the assignment description. I dunno how much time I'd wasted when they repeatedly altered the requirements of the assignments thanks to inaccuracies in their description. Fxxk it. I had to start over again.Covers basic programming concepts, and OOP. Basically 2011 + 2012. Nothing non-standard. Apart from the 2-courses-crammed-into-1 aspect, one would mistake this as a non-honors course.

Refer to Kabul's review for details.Consider this: How does a course go off the rails?

Two of the many answers might be that 1) the instructor is incompetent, and that 2) the instructor is irresponsible.

Either one is enough to derail an otherwise mediocre course, but in this case, they are true at the same time.

Quan is not familiar the particularities of C++, or an effective communicator behind the podium. His slides are god awful — incomprehensible, ancient, with errors all over.

More egregious is his utter lack of concern for the effectiveness of any aspect of the course. Quan only gives lectures. Labs are out of his purview. Assignments are out of his purview. Exams are out of his purview. In fact, he hadn't laid eyes on the midterm paper before we were done with midterm. This inevitably led to a total disconnect between teaching, and testing — we were grossly unequipped to do well in the exams, whose purpose seems to be to differentiate those that are proficient C++ programmers from those that aren't. It would be unwarrented praise for the TAs to say this course is run by them (a few aren't helpful, at all), but it certainly is not run by Quan.

It's been a month since the semester came to an end, but I still feel a tinge of fury, which I know is shared by many of my classmates. I wasn't even burned by the grade.

Keep out.This course is filled with great practical applications of many data structures and techniques you would normally only learn the theory of, such as linked lists, polymorphisms,hash tables and constructor/deconstructor sequences. It is also one of the few courses with a genuinely interesting lab session, as you learn command line as well as how to use emacs, two skills that I am still using regularly in other courses to streamline my workflow. Great allround course.Dekai is a phenomenal teacher, really inspires you in his lectures. One thing that I personally like is that he trusts the students to be doing the work and goes at a fairly quick pace in class. Students who don't study beforehand, however, might feel overwhelmed, but he is always willing to answer questions and keeps his classes extremely engaging.This course was my best UST course so far. Throughout the semester we basically build our own implementation of a functional programming language. You learn very powerful concepts. You will be forced to learn how to use GNU Emacs (awful in the beginning, but no my favorite and most powerful code editor)

Note: This course is absolutely not good suitable for programming newbies. You basically skip 2011 and you won't learn how to program. The course rather teaches you more important things, which you can not simply from a book.Very charismatic, knows how to engage and inspire. Fun to be in Dekai's lecture.

The assignments are going to be automatically as well as manually reviewed. You basically sit next to the TA and he will say, what thingsApart from content from 2011 + 2012, other knowledge like functional programming, Lisp, Scheme, compiler and interpreter are specifically covered in Prof. Wu's class. Some of them are even only available in graduate classes. Don't miss it.
A apparently 5-credit but indeed 10-credit course.Berkeley graduate, fluent English and humorous. Never get bored during lesson but he is quite tough.Covers over the union of COMP2011&2012. Some contents in labs are quite irrelevant, mainly related to Qt. This course focuses on the syntax of classes, and more importantly the logic to implement different data structures.The teaching may not be best, but as long as you focus every lesson, it shall be easy to follow.More content than COMP2011 and 2012, as mentioned by other reviews.
Some content in labs is not organized well. Previous labs are very hard but later the labs' content suddenly become very easy.
Anyway it's a good course that can really let you learn something. That's what UST courses should be.Professor's teaching is not very well, you may fail to know what's going on after he changed the topic.Before MT:
Constructors / destructors, static classes, inheritance, polymorphism, virtual functions, generic programming, iterators, STL functions

After MT:
Big O / theta notation, sorting algorithms, binary and AVL trees, BFS / DFS, directed acyclic graphs (DAGs), hashing

This is probably more than COMP2011 and COMP2012 combined, unlike Gary Chan's version.You can tell he is very enthusiastic, and often talks a lot about his own experiences. He is also very lenient, e.g. 5 days of late submission quota which is later increased to 7 days.

However he stutters a lot when speaking English which makes me difficult to follow what he is saying.The content focused on basic of C/C++ in the first few weeks, such as pointer and class. Later on there were more about OOP, similar to the content of COMP 2012, but conducted much more faster. After midterm, the course was about basic algorithms and data structures.Sometimes the speed was too fast if you didn't preview the content. I suggest to do some preview of the PPT before class. So that you can catch up in the lecture but not fall asleep.
If you are planning to take this course, you can study course materials of COMP 2011 in the vacation.The content is very rich, covering basic C, C++, OO concept and data structure. Definitely has more content than 2011+2012 (so that it doesn't waste your time). The programming projects are the pearls of the course. By "coding up" (CK Tang loves to use this phrase) your projects, you get a sense of what real programming feels like.CK Tang is a enthusiastic professor and respond to emails quickly. Labs are quite useless, but they will take attendance.Actually COMP2011+2012
Fundamental concepts of C++ programming before midterm
About data structure after midterm, such as STL,BST,Hash,and concepts of template and inheritanceWell, logical and clear, and the notes are substancial.According to Gary, this course is not about depth, but only combine 2011 and 2012 together.
OOP wil be covered after the midterm.
BST and hashing will also be covered.
One of the most fruitful programming course.Great Professor.
He will clarify the concept clearly and provide students lots of example.It is a practical course with intensive programming assignments. The assignments required you to build a Scheme interpreter. over half of the course is not related to OOP but Functional programming. If you want to learn OOP, don't take this course. If you already familiar with OOP, it is a good place for you to boost your programming skills.Dekai will give inspiring speech rather than actually teaching you the course stuff. It is good for self-learner.As a C++ newbie, the teaching speed of this course is insanely fast. It is basically the combination of COMP2011 and COMP2012. I would say it is a challenge to your IQ and it is definitely one of the most useful course I have ever taken in UST.Prof Chan is a nice local guy and most importantly his teaching is decent. Highly recommended.This course is an accelerated and intensive course on concepts and techniques behind object-oriented programming (OOP) and data structures using an OOP language. It covers the major materials of COMP2011 and COMP2012, and its curriculum is designed for students with excellent programming background or substantial programming experience. Topics include: functions; pointers; abstract data types and their class implementation; static and dynamic construction and destruction of objects; data member and member functions; public interface and encapsulation; class hierarchies; polymorphism; inheritance and dynamic binding; standard template library; generic programming using templates; object-oriented view of data structures: linked lists, queues, stacks, trees, and their algorithms such as searching, sorting and hashing.
The drawback of course content is that it doesn't cover c++11 and c++14 features.The professor explains the course content sufficiently well.Since the syllabus of COMP 2012H is the combination of COMP 2011 and COMP 2012, there will be a lots of concept needed to study.
The content is related to "Programming" more than "C++" so the use of data structure and algorithm is the major part of this course.
However, if you do not have experience in C++, you must have a hard time in this course.

Before Mid-Term:
Simple C++ syntax ( if for while pointer recursion etc. )
Simple Data Structure ( e.g. linked list )
Simple Sorting algorithm ( e.g. merge sort )

After Mid-Term:
OOP ( class inheritance etc. )
More Data Structure and Sorting algorithm ( e.g. tree heapsort )The instructor is nice and have a set of good powerpoint which is enough to learn about the topics. However, I think the time is not enough for a student to learn during class. There are too much things in one lesson. The process of the course is very fast. One lesson can cover 2~3 topics. If you not familiar to C++ or OOP, I think you should read some books beforehand.This course is intended for students who already know one programming language. For example, perhaps you have already taken one of the introductory computer courses, such as COMP1021 Introduction to Computer Science (which teaches Python), or COMP1022P Introduction to Computing with Java (which teaches Java). If you have taken one of those courses, or any other programming course, then you can take this transition course to learn how to program the VBA language inside the Microsoft Excel program.No one will teach you in this course. Students can only understand the content by themselves.Easy content well explained from easy Excel basics to VBA basics. It doesn´t get too deep into the content but is good for an introductory course.There's no real teaching because there are no classes but I found the materials well explained and easy to apply.
The teacher and TAs are always available to helpNo CommentThe content are as follows:
0 logistics
1 oop intro
2 class basics
3 preprocessor and const
4 constructor and destructor
5 static function
6 generic programming
7 stl
8 inheritance
9 namespace
10 bst
11 avl
12 hashing
The contents are very important in understanding the OOP concept and data structureDesmond was my favorite lecturer. His lectures were amazing, and he made several additional classes to help us understand the course material deeper. He was very passionate in lecturing, and he taught us in a way that was very easy to understand. You will find yourself very lucky if desmond turns out to be your lecturer.Comp 2012 should be take if you is interest in CS
You can learn all the basic data structures such as Tree.
Also, you can learn other knowledge such as classDesmond is a very good lecturer.
You should take his class.
You can feel free to ask everyone you want such as your study plan, your U life or something.If you have some programming backgrounds, this course is very elementary for you. But if your don't, this course would be the entrance of programming world.The professor is funny and the presentation is well planned.If you study hard days before exams you would not score a good grade.
This course requires regular study to build a basic knowledge about object oriented programming.There are 4 assignments about the same topic. The first one was counting numbers and basic plus and minus calculation.
The remaining parts were building a calculator to deal with times. div, mod, big integers and so on. The difficulty increases as you progress the course.In my opinion, 2012 is actually better than 2011 because it really comes into the core and spirit of C++. 2011 only tells you how to use some structure but 2012 teaches why we use such thing such as link list. And it really makes me understand what is the advantage of object-oriented programming.I was in Quan Long's lecture. He is a very good and knowledgeable professor, but sometimes I cannot follow his step... Desmond taught very well and I watched all his lecture video to catch up with the teaching speed.this course's content also cover the main topics in comp2011, which gives you a comprehensive review ( probably too detailed that it used so much time that the second half of the course was a bit in a hurry)
but it do give you the basic ideas about c++ progarmmingdesmond was really helpful. videos were alse useful to review before the mid and final.const
constructors, destructors
STL
generic programming
inheritance
namespace(out of scope)
tress(avl, bst)
hashingDesmond is a passionate in teaching.  He will use different ways to let you understand the materials.  He loves moving around and make jokes to get people's attention.  He has a supplementary website that provides FAQ session and practise problems to students.There are too many content through the cycle, somethings not important but use too many time to talk about it.
Around 2/3 lecturers time use to talk about OOP and 1/3 for data structure. Therefore, the time spend on both parts of lectures is inadequate.The instructor is good, we can ask many question before/after the lesson. His lectures are clear enough, and he known the teaching material well.The content in COMP 2012 is actually easier than COMP 2011 and less memorisation is required in my opinion. Things come to you pretty intuitively.Teaching is not good, i know he tried really hard to make it fun for everyone but it didn't work out. I feel really bad for him as well.
I studied this course through reading all the ppt.Rich Content. Covers everything from stack queues to linked lists and so on.Great teaching, very patient, answers questions well.
He likes to explain with paper and goes through each function line-by-line.Average, could be better. The average is really high and the standard deviation is small.Quite high workload, labs weekly, 3 big projects. The labs cover whatever is taught that week so is easy enough to follow. The TAs are understaff (long wait), so do not expect them to help you during the lab. Just finish everything before going to the labs.
But for the three projects, its quite hard to get support and clarifications.As a CS year 2 student without cs base, I think that this course is the most valuable and meaningful course for me in the past 2 years.

Content:
Part 1: OOP
1. Constructor/Destructor of class
2. const-
3. generic programming (template, STL)
4. dynamic binding
5. Polymorphism
6. inheritance
7. Namespace (not included in the exam in this semester)
8. static method

Part 2: Data structure
1. ADT
2. Tree (BT, BST, AVL)
3. Hashing

Basically, if you really spend time in this course, the content is not difficult at all even you're not good in Comp2011. I think at least for the exam, comp2012 is much easier than comp2011. Students who are not performing well in comp 2011 can perform quite good in comp 2012.Desmond's teaching is very very clear and attractive.
I usually fall asleep in lectures, but not in Desmond's.

For those who are talended or very good in OOP, his teaching maybe too slow and duplicate, but for ordinary students like me, can follow the key concepts easily.

As he really taught so detailed , he always provides makeup classes. For this semester, 3 2-hour makeup classes were held.Desmond is the best professor in cs department.C++. If you are not going to become a software developer and can find a way to avoid the course, do it. So many better languages to learn with your time.Teaching is the only good thing about this course. Mak is an interesting lecturer and does well to make the content appear interesting in theory.All exams are in the classic braindead format of writing code by hand on paper with a pen. Having a hard time figuring out how that could be any dumber for a course that teaches programming.
Assignment grading is fair, though takes quite a while. We only received marking schemes for 1 of the 3 assignments beforehand.
Average is around C I think.Assignments are the usual computer science department "fill in the blanks", usually coupled with code we haven't been taught outside the blanks, which makes the assignments more annoying than anything else.
Midterm/finals are quite difficult.
Weekly labs require attendance and are easy, but do them before the session.Although parts of the content in this course are closely related to COMP2011, the content is easier. If you are familiar to the basic content of COMP2011, like pointer, it can help you to study this course in a relax way, especially for the data structure parts, like tree. But if you not, you can still work on the new part, like inheritance.The lecture is quite boring. The lecture notes are also not clear, especially for the color tone of the notes. It makes the content unclear.Content is inherited from COMP2011and some data structure, like the linked list , BST tree and hashing...  and some concept about the run time like calculating the big o notation... This would be a requirement to most of the comp course. If you have a good basic programming background, you can handle this course easily.Lecturer Desmond Tsoi would example the details about the course material and he will answer the questions that you ask. The lecturer would take videos in every lessons so that you can have a look before the exam. This would be very helpful if you need to listen to the lesson again.Content is inherited from COMP2011,STL,DS that common use such as Stack , BST...I taught by Desmond and he is an excellent teacher,especially he taught concept precisely and clearly.But extra lessons are needed.Grade curve is same as COMP2011 especially this semester PA is extremely tricky,and make sd very large,especially PA3 trapped me a lot.

I don t think that 2012 is easier (except lab)and  better grade than 2011,but their level are similarWorkload is slightly better than COMP2011 but still high.

3 Programming Assignment :  

PA1 : Matrix (I think is okay but seems tricky)
PA2 : Multiset(the management of this assignment is the best among 3 assignments,at least its instruction is clear and easy for implement those test cases.)
PA3 : LOL(tricky and easy make people feel confuse,especially the TA 's test case is all input should be correct,otherwise no marks given).Althrough I just pass the base case,i still lose all marks on the other section afterwards and I never learn Python before and TA used python for testing).

Lab is much easier than COMP2011.That 's the things that is better.

Exam 's difficulity as same as COMP2011.This term is a bit different from previous semesters in the order:
1.C++ class basics,
2.makefile and const-ness,
3.constructors & Destructor,
4.generic programming
(template, operator overloading, friend function),
5.Static Data and Methods
6.STL
(containers, iterators, and algorithms)
7.Namespace,
8. inheritance,
9. Abstract Data Types (doubly linked list),
10.Binary Search Trees
11. Hashing,
12. AVL trees

Desmond goes through all materials in detail, although not all materials are useful.Focus on fundamental concepts of OOP, e.g. class constructor/destructor, inheritance, polymorphism, abstract data type(= create a data type of your own), template(same code, different return type or class)Quite comprehensive, have some supplementary video tutorial to make us easier to understand the concept.

Prof Qu always end the lesson earlier as he teaches so quickly. :)
P.S. beginners for programming may find difficult when the teaching pace is fastContent is mostly interesting except a few topics here and there. Most difficult topics would be Inheritance and STL.He does teach well, spends time on examples... open to questions for discussion and encourages participation.Grading is similar to most COMP courses... Generally slightly better than COMP 2011. Mean would be around B. Mean + sd B+.

Mean of the midterm tends to be high (~65) and that of the final is not very low either (~60).1 Midterm 25 %
1 Final 38 %
3 Programming Assignments 24 %
1 Written Assignment 3 %
10 Labs 10 %
High workload... Assignments may not be very challenging but there is quite a bit of code to read...Let me say that in spite of having studied C++ for 3 years now (started in high school), the content of this course has rather difficult for me, so I can only imagine how the non-CSE students or beginners would find it. Some of the topics are Vectors, Templates, STL, recursion etc. So yeah, take the course knowing that the journey won't be smooth.Professor Quan Long is really zealous and full of energy, which is a good thing. On the other hand, he tends to spend too much time on the simple easy basics and then rush through the complicated stuff later.No CommentC++ class
inheritence
stl
static
namespace
generic programmingClear but slow teaching flowcontent of this course is something you can study in one day, but this uni extended one day studying in two courses named 2011 and 2012. and these two courses only teach you basics, all knowledge is almost unpractical dont expect yourself to be able to write gui, game, or websiteslow paced yeah pace is slow better to do 2012H at onceHe gives an interesting perspective on Natural Language Processing as he is one of the ground-breaking researchers on translation. You will learn a lot about the Chinese <-> English translation.You will learn lots of theory as with every CS class in HKUST and some functional programming. He's a great teacher and his class is secretly a philosophy class as well. He encourages students to take NLP from other professors too if given the chance because he believes that each professor who teaches NLP gives a different perspective on it. It is not as hard to fall asleep in his class because he has quite a personality.INTRODUCTION TO COMPUTING??? ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME? The students that I've met are FUCKING EXPERTS, THEY ARE FUCKING EXPERTS!!!Good professor, always make a good learning atmosphere in the course. And he is able to explain the concepts thoroughly. When I have difficulties I just ask him after lessons.
I still get shit grades after clearing the computing concepts...Everyone in this course is expert!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A lot of expert got full mark in mid-term.
It is a Introduction course but the students are fucking familiar with java.

DONT TAKE this course if you didnt learn java!Very very fast. You cant follow the lecture if you didnt learn java.

DONT TAKE this course if you didnt learn java!The content mainly follows the powerpoint but the information in it is much useful. If students follow the powerpoints well, they will have little difficulty understanding the language.Not so good English speaking but the teaching style is quite fun, with jokes sometimes.Its very straightforward: An introduction to Java. Its not a course that emphasizes on computer science concepts or anything so if you familiar with java and have done any course that covers topics like arrays, I would suggest taking the next level course.He's a nice guy but i feel he tends to assume that the students understand the concept, which is true as most people who take it have done java before. So thats bad for beginners.The exams are fairly easy, and most of my friends got high score in the tests. The greenfoot gives a lot help in learning this course.

Considered as a fundamental  COMP course, learning java is indeed a good choice.

There would be a project, but it was just a little bit related with the course. The project is quite tedious and just to bear the trouble of debugging. Certainly, it would cost time, but feels quite good after go through it.If you are inured to self-learning, do not go to the lecture, as the instructor just go through the ppts in class.

Please note that all the lecture notes are not on the CANVAS, on the web of CSE, comp1022p instead.When we were taught this course, it was done using a software named Greenfoot. That software was a bitch, because rather than helping a beginner learn, it tended to confuse the user more. In fact, I had already studied java to an extent beforehand, still I often struggled with Greenfoot. Thankfully, Greenfoot was not included in the midterm or final. In fact, I've heard that Greenfoot has been completely removed from the course. If so, that is a good thing and ought to make the course content really good.Prof KIM was damn good. He tried to keep the course as interesting as possible, and he was always there for doubts and queries. I attended one lecture by Prof. Wilfred, and I have to say that I think Prof KIM was way better than him.This is the introduction to programming with java language. The content itself is not very hard. This course covers basic java syntax, programming concepts such as input and output, looping, function.Teaching is quite good. The contents are broken down into easy topics for beginners to follow.
TA are friendly and helpful.Interesting. I feel that is it quite a good course for people starting in programming but I already had a little experience in basic python.Quite good, Wilfred makes some jokes sometimes and he is very helpful. TAs are helpful too, they will help me and answer my questions most of the time.Labs are easy as long as you listen in class and understand the content being taught. I got a B- overall in the end.

Grading includes:
midterm, final, labs, written assignment( only 1)Moderate workload including preparation for labs, assignments.Really interesting introduction to computer science. It covered a LOT of Java and went into much more detail than I was perhaps expecting form an intro to computing course but I learnt a lot.The professor was fairly interesting, I would take it again.Some basic knowledge about java programming. The fundamental concepts for programming.Prof will teach some basic knowledge, but not enough if you want to get a good grade. You should find additional sources on the Internet.The course isn't so difficult, it's easy to get a high marks in exam. However, since many people can get a high marks, it's not so easy to get a good grade.
for example, if you want to get a A+, at least your total grade should higher than 97.Not so heavy. You will do a project. It takes some times to debug.Content is purely designed for the ones who have no programming background. Although it has some concepts shuffled up. Have powerpoints for each week.
BASIC JAVA INTO (OBJECTS CLASSES, VARIABLES)
IF/ELSE/SWITCH STATEMENTS
LOOPS
RECURSION
ARRAYS
FILE I/OTeaching is an A+. Do attend lectures for counter questions. Otherwise, sit home and practise.Include topics "hardware software", "elementary programming", "objects and classes", "variables scopes", "expression branching", "loops", "arrays nested loops", "string file io", "recursion". Having lab for student to write program.He could teach logic by some daily examples (usually from his experience) which help beginners to understand Java. He was a nice and humorous professor. It was a enjoyment to have a lesson by him.The topic is very interesting for the student who have learnt programming in advance. It enhances your skills on several problem-solving questions.Desmond is a very good teacher. He is very funny such that the class is not boring at all.The grading is quite lenient. Once, I got deduced from using another path in my answer sheet rather than using the same way as in the answer key; however, the TA might understand as long as you can clearly explain your answer to them.The workload is not much. There are only 2 assignments that you need to dedicate yourself to. The assignment sometimes a little bit hard for people who just learn programming because the TAs are the one who make it. However, Desmond is very open to help you guys for your assignment.introduction to java with expert classmates.
hardware-software
greenfoot
object-class
variable-scope
expression-branching
loops
arrays-nested-loops
eclipse
recursionProfessor is great but TAs.........
It seems like you have to learn lab by yourselfThe course consists of most of the DSE syllabus, it is better for students to have programming background, or otherwise be really interested in programming.

Exams are allowed to open book, you may not have to recite the whole content in lecture notes, but understanding in the subject is required.Professor's lecture on Java program is understandable, it is better to attend all lectures if you have a poor programming knowledge.a good start to java and to programming in general.. has been useful in some simple projects. if you are new to programming you will have to struggle for a while to get a grasp of what is going on.fun professor.. encourages students to learn by trying the codes by themselves.. havent seen the teacher live.. canvas provides video recordings of the courseHonestly not very good IMO. You won't learn much, regardless of your programming background (or lack thereof). More time is spent in greenfoot (which I personally was not a big fan of) than eclipse. This course only goes to show that intro courses are often not useful.Muppala's the best prof I've had so far; he's very passionate and manages to keep students engaged. I slept in every class this semester except Muppala's.The content might look difficult to those who are doing programming for the first time. However, to be honest, if you study well, the content is still manageable. Some concept may be hard to understand at the beginning.Teaching is okay. The professor tries his best to make the otherwise boring ppt interesting.The content of the course can be reviewed on the website:https://course.cse.ust.hk/comp1022p/labs.html.
And the ppt of the course can be pre-reviewed. It is quit good for a beginner to learn java.Wilfred is a kind professor. You can ask him anything that you are wondering. He likes to use cute picture to make the lecture more interesting. However, to be honest, it is ok  for you to only study the ppt. Wilfred may make some simple mistake, for he does not writing java frequently.some basic knowledge of computer programming. If you have programming foundation, the content are trivial to you.He just followed the lecture slides , not very interesting.If you have programming foundation, you can keep all the lecture. And then review yourself is ok.exam and test is quite easy , I got 90 something and have A range.workload is normal. You have to complete all the labs but the labs are easy and the project is easy to get full marks. In exam, you better have a clear concept rather than bring all the notes and rely on them.Include basic concepts of java and give u chances to deal with programming language by your own.Professors know most of us have no experience on java and programming,which is true for most people. However, you need to ask them questions after lecture in order to get total understanding.Simple concepts with adequate explanation, though I wish there was more focus on actual application and not coding games with not much use. Like perhaps we could have been given a chance to code a screenshotting program or a task manager-like program.Very interesting classes with easy to understand powerpoints. Professor is very happy to answer questions after class, but you have to be fast as a lot of people will surround the professor with questions. TAs are quite helpful in labs as well, but sometimes they have trouble handling the amount of students so you'll be skipped or end up waiting around 30 minutes for a TA to get to you.Don't choose this course if you don't know programming. It would be too difficult for those who have no experience in programming. There is no attendance.This teaching is okay. The lessons are interesting and not too bored. Anyway, You can just skip all the lessons. So don't bother.The grading is really bad. Even 90% only got B. DON'T choose this course if you need a good grade.The workload is light. There are just one written assignment and one programming assignment through the whole year.The course "introduces" you to java programming. To be honest, the content has been designed to make it introductory as much as possible. Gotta appreciate whoever made it But considering the high level that the course reaches by the end, the professors have to move kinda fast. Despite the fact that all the basic tools required to ace the examination are provided in the lecture slides and lab-work, you may not get the right idea required for a question as each concept and type of programming questions are not covered exhaustively. But with the right determination and proper coverage of the reference book, you can crack this course.Prof Muppala was pretty amazing. He did his best to present this course with a beginner's perspective. Kept making dad jokes in the class and I feel like the students never appreciated him enough for that. He would always stay back to answer doubts and would not leave until everyone was done asking questions.The content is very appropriate for a beginner in programming. Ranging from variable, object, image, if else statement, loop, nested loop and last but not least, recursion. The content is relatively easier to understand if you have a nice lecturer.The teaching of MUPPALA,Kumaraswamy R Jogesh is really fantastic as he always adds some humorous element in his teaching to get us awaked during the class. He explained the course materials in details with slow-paced to make sure everyone can understand. You can see his passion in teaching and always willing to answer every question you have in mind during class and after class.Content is pretty easy. We start off by studying basic concepts from Greenfoot. Later after going through the basics thoroughly, we do actual simple programming.
Students will learn how to write procedural programs using variables, arrays, control statements, loops, recursion, data abstraction and objects using an integrated development environment.Professor Wilfred is a pretty good teacher.
The courses are taught using ppt but some students use books to study the course.
I personally only used ppt and I think it's enough for the course.
If you don't understand what he says in the class please don't hesitate to ask him after the class is over. (Although I never asked)The content is just some basic stuff regarding java such as looping, if-then-else, variables, arrays, data structure, recursion etc.
Not difficult at all so there are many people getting extremely high marks in assignments and exams.
Not suggested taking as a common core.He tried to explain everything well but it is difficult and abstract to understand for those who have not learnt to programme before.

The lecture slides are useful for you in the exam sometimes.

The lecture may help you understand Java programming but self-learning is more efficient and effective in order to have a clearer understanding of Java and a good grade in exams.

Conclusion, make use of online resources.This course is designed to equip students with the fundamental concepts of programming elements and data abstraction using Java. Students will learn how to write procedural programs using variables, arrays, control statements, loops, recursion, data abstraction and objects using an integrated development environment.Desmond Tsoi is a very passionate instructor aiming at making his student love programming. He explained the concepts clearly with his own funny examples. He spent time in explaining common mistakes each lesson after the lab. You can understand the lesson very quickly with his explanation. He also asked for opinion for the difficulty of exams. Key points were highlighted and were often asked in the exams. The only bad things of Desmond is that sometimes he repeat somethings so often and his jokes may not be funny.This course provided me with the better understanding of the programming using JAVA. The reason is the PPT note is simple and well organized. Also, the concepts they teach were all essential information on handling JAVA. However, this course is not recommended for the students who start programming since JAVA is the quiet hard programming language. If you are a beginner, start with Python.the instructor NG, Wilfred Siu Hung 's teaching was bad. He knew well about the content but, his English speaking was terrible so, it made me hard to understand the several syntaxes of JAVA and the meaning. the instructor MUPPALA, Kumaraswamy R Jogesh's teaching was very satisfied. He had no difficulty in explaining the note and he often recommended the better way of study JAVA with fashion. Choose the good instructor if you want to take this courseThis course teach student basic programming knowledge by using Java. Although Java is a good OOP language but I think it is not very freshman-friendly. If COMP1021 have quota, please do not hesitate to take that!!Boring. Actually i seldom go to this section after several lectures.They try to touch alot of concepts, indeed what should be the basic idea behind a introductory course for a discipline. They can improve on selection of material and the depth they go into.Didn't really attend much lectures, but from the ones I did I found prof MUPPALA K R Jogesh better than Prof Wilfred S Hung. Though the pace and the amount of content of this course doesn't let any thought provoking teaching take place.Self-study is really important!!
What is tested in the exams and assignments is quite different from that taught in class!!
However, I really learnt a lot through this course, and beginners can also take this course(I didn't use computer at all before taking this course, and I even can't type well),as long as you spend enough time after course.
I get interested in COMP after taking this course, so it's a good course...The instructor is good, though he may make some mistakes in lecturesContent was not over-bearing but it can be quite difficult to comprehend from time to time. Having no prior programming experience, it was difficult to digest certain concepts but in overall it is still manageable.The lecturer tries to cover all the content within the given time and the entire course was not rushed. However, when questions were asked, the answers were not satisfying and sometimes not comprehensive. It is recommended to approach the lecturer after lecture or approach the TAs with the question during Lab sessionsThe content is suitable for beginners as it only includes very basic concepts.Professor is nice and has a sense of humor that keeps me awake during lectures.Just be careful and you can get a good grade. It is easy to get 100% in the programming assignment and the written assignments. Just aim for 100% in every part if you want to get an A+.Very little workload. The midterm and final are open book so the course requires very little study as long as you understand the concepts.Really basic concepts of coding, matches its title of "introduction".This Instructor is very humorous, he made jokes on the lesson to familiar us the coding concepts. His English accent is also very understandable.All graded contents are quite simple, the grading depends on your carefulness rather than your understanding. The exams are also open-booked so it is not necessary to recite the syntax and methods. Only the lab session counts attendance.The workload is quite fair, one written assignment and one programming assignment, which are quite useful for you to understand the concepts. However, the programming assignment is quite time consuming and confusing as some details are not written well.The content is not very hard. As the course name suggests, it just touches upon the most introductory details of Java programming.Teaching is okay. Professor Muppala makes these terrible jokes (some are quite good but... yeah)

I didn't really listen to the lectures so I don't recall how good it was. Sometimes I fell asleep and spent time doing my lab... maybe you should refer to someone else's review.Basic stuff for programming
Actually not that difficult but the way they organize the lesson make it confusing for beginners to understand
I have no idea about what they are teaching before midterm exam. Luckily the TAs are very nice and I understand much better after asking them. Self learning would help too. Free apps are recommend . Also , find someone who know programming and want to major in cs to carry you. That will help a lot.He is very nice  and willing to answer your questions. He always asked if everyone don't understand what he is talking about and would stop and answer your questions.
He is funny too. Always try to make his lessons interesting and easy to understand by telling jokes , stories and examples. The TAs are nice too.The instructor is great because of his good powerpoint help us construct a clear concept.To be honest, I'm willing to take all of his courses owing to his patience and professional teaching http://skill.It is quite easy to understand the concept of coding .For those like me who didn't learn any computer programming before, I will not suggest you to take this course. Because this course is full of students who have learnt programming before and they know everything about java. Even you tried very hard to get up with the course, you will still get f--k by those who have learnt before.

Get into Comp1022Q or study it in the next semester. Otherwise your grade will be f--k up by those A-range or B-range students.

Laboratory is compulsory and if you finish the content in that lab, you can leave early.Teaching is good.This course teaches you how to use greenfoot and parts of eclipse. For those who haven't learnt programming before, the contents would a bit difficult to understand and hard to catch-up.The instructor is funny. He always tells us jokes during classes and the whole atmosphere is quite good. Moreover he uses extra examples to let students understand concepts better.Great content, teaches a lot about the basics of java programming. classes are easy to understand, but a bit boring.Muppala is a great teacher, his teaching might be a bit slow if you are very into computers.Mean is very very high, with a high sd also, so it will be very hard to get A or A+. You need to score really high (95+) on the midterm and final to get A+.The lab is a bit confusing at the end (eclipse)
one programming assignment using greenfoot that requires some time. Don't copy or you'll get bad marks(pros)
Introduction to JAVA for dummies. Help students get a better understanding to programming. I'd like to say I can teach myself other programming languages by reading blogs and tutorials after taking the course.
(cons)
The course is relatively shallow. Also limited scope. Stops at recursion.MUPPALA is a lovely professor who is willing to answer all kinds of questions after class. But I always want to sleep during the class... Maybe it is my fault.
But I truly don't think I can learn a lot in the 50-min lecture.This course is designed to equip students with the fundamental concepts of programming elements and data abstraction using Java. Students will learn how to write procedural programs using variables, arrays, control statements, loops, recursion, data abstraction and objects using an integrated development environmentgood teacher and clear understanding and good presentationIt is not an introductory course for programming and the content is too hard for students with no programming background. Chosen topics are appropriate though.Teaching is good, with class exercise as well as good teaching materials.Grading is not that good, as most of the students are already proficient in programming before taking the course.Workload is not that high, just attend regular lab and complete lab assignments. Midterms and final exam is quite demanding for an introductory course, you have to be prepared to write a program out of nothing.Interesting with different programming code. Need to revision before writing a program.
If you are interested in programming, you will find that it is so easy to learn and understand.Self-learning is important and be careful about the bug which is made when the (; () {} /) is typing wrongly.Basic Java with introduction to greenfoot. Very simple class. Easy for anyone with no background in computer science.Not that great professor. But is really nice person if you go and ask any question. Prompt reply to e-mails by prof.Good grading if you get everything above mean. Easy midterm and finals. Labs are easy to do as well. Similar to past papers, lectures and class examples.Bare minimum. Labs are weekly but you can get it down beforehand and just show it in the lab timings and leave. No attendanceEclipse and Greenfoot are being used this semester.

1. Basic data types, variables, assignment statements, console I/O
2. Arithmetic expressions, Boolean expressions
3. Branching and looping statements
4. Arrays
5. Classes and objects, properties and methods
6. Inheritance
7. Static variables and methods
8. Primitive types and reference types
9. Scope rules
10. String manipulations
11. File I/O RecursionDesmond is a very passionate tutor as he often raises his tone to attract students. He explains every concepts in details and he provides us with multiple codes that correspond with his teaching.The content is basically about java programming language. we use 2 IDE for java programming the first half of semester, we mainly use eclipse. this part will teach you how to use eclipse and the setup. this will also teach you the syntax for java programming such as public static void main (string[] args), if then else, variables, looping. the second half of semester we were using greenfoot as IDE, feature teaching at object oriented programmingThe teaching excellent, the ppt is having lots of funny pictures, with clear outline and also having lots of example for each concept.

for the speech of teacher, he usually raises lots of questions to arouse students' interest and he is willing to answer all questions from students.The content flow of the course was total different from the previous semesters because only Desmond Tsoi was in charge for this course in Spring 2017. He tried to make revolutionary differences regarding the course content, exam questions, difficulties, assignments and the grading system. Therefore, you may wonder why the reviews for the course in Spring 2017 are much better than others. The changes made COMP 1022P a much better course for students who want to study advanced Computer Science courses.Desmond is a good guy and his teaching is vivid. Attend the lessons allow you to have a thorough understanding although the lecture notes are very clear about everything. If you have questions, he is always available to help you. You can easily master all the concepts if you attend the lessons and ask him in person.A simple intro to java programming.
Quite interesting and not that difficult for beginners.
It is good for beginners who are gonna dig deeper in programming.Prof Wilfred is good. All stuff clearly explained, but a bit slow and boring. What he is gonna talk about is mostly in the ppt.ok for newcomer cause I learned Java first from this lessonthe tone of English is not good to understandif you spend enough time on it you will have good grade. I think it is a good grade course.Just the same as the last one. Not a very heavy workload as long as you spend enough time on it. There will be no test in the class but you have to attend the class in order to get all the contents that you need to know. What's more there will be one a midterm exam and a final exam. Repeat my word again. As long as you put enough time to understand the contents you will get good grade.Interesting Course for all the beginners. it becomes a real fun when you start understanding the syllabus.I liked the professor but it was too difficult to understand what he was saying as I was very new to the computer world.I would say that this course is definitely unfair for the beginners as many so-called EXPERTS take this course for their computer science or engineering majors. However, I wouldn't say that obtaining a good grade is impossible.Damn lot for beginners. Tiny for so-called Experts. To be honest, I did not understand any the lecture materials. I needed lots of help from the TAs to improve and of course, self-study. I spent a majority of my time trying to pass this course and this resulted in me getting a lower mark in other subjects...........

P.S Take this course If you dare.Introduction to Java Programming - the course contents are actually understandable for beginners like me. They include basic syntax of Java and concepts of programming like objects and classes, loops, arrays, recursion, etc. Content after the mid-term can be quite difficult.

Introduction to Computers - Hardware and Software
Elementary Programming
Objects and Classes
Variables and Scope rules (extensively tested in the mid-term)
Expressions and Branching Statements
Loops
Arrays and Nested Loop
Console I/O
String manipulation and File I/O using Eclipse
Recursion
Putting Programming Concepts TogetherA good professor. He always creates a relaxing atmosphere in the lectures. He's also very friendly towards computer noobs like me. He uses various examples on powerpoints to illustrate different concepts, and I think his explanation is clear enough.

The lab sessions, however, are quite annoying at times as the lab helper is absent for no reason at times. There was once I had to wait for more than 1 hour to wait for my demonstration of the lab work, as the TA was busy checking the others.Basically uses Java Language to teach some of the basics of programming and the concept of object and class, topics included:
1. Hardware and Software
2. Elementary Programming (Language Basics)
3. Object and Class
4. Scope of Variable
5. Branching Expression
6. Loop
7. Arrays
8. String
9. File I/O
10. Recursion
11. Abstract Data Type (in this semester, this topic is included in the form of supplementary notes and not included in the exams)

Although the content is quite adequate for an introductory course of Java, the topics included may be too difficult for programming beginners and for some people with little knowledge of object-oriented language. I would recommend those people to take COMP 1021 or COMP 1022Q instead.Professor MUPPALA's English is quite understandable. In addition, he has a relatively slow pace of talking and teaching. This makes people very easy to follow his idea.

He also put emphasis on some key ideas and try to make some jokes in class (although sometimes his jokes are not understandable), this makes his teaching clearer and more interesting.

He is also very willing to answer student's questions in class and after class, this help students to learn more.

The only downside of his teaching is that sometimes he put too much time on some topics and actually delayed the original schedule of teaching.

The teaching assistants are all friendly and approachable. They are very willing to answer your questions through e-mail or directly in office.Data types, File I/O, ADT, Arrays, Recursion and all kinds of programming fundamentals. The content is suitable for beginners but the teaching is very fast paced.It's not bad, he tries to make the lectures interesting. Labs usually do not take too much time to complete at first but later on it actually gets a bit challenging.Java basics. Covered contents: object and class, elementary programming skills, scope, loops, array, recursion, talks a little bit about ADT.
The IDE used are greenfoot and Eclipse.
The class and object concepts are REALLY CONFUSING for a beginner, I regard it can be better understood after learning COMP 2011.
and if you want to take further comp courses, taking 1022p is suggested!the professor is okay. passionate and easy to approach.
Teaching assistant Wallace is great. Responsible and easy-going. And I think the student helper for my lab session is also great (sometimes help me more than the TA).Covering basic programming techniques like looping, branching, recursion, data types..., with special emphasis on object and class in object-oriented programming.Tried to make lessons fun by making jokes, but somehow messing up the content. But in general, he can explain concepts quite clearly.Basic java language introduction starting from simple Greenfoot to Eclipse. It generally covers variable, concepts of classes and object, arithmetic and boolean expressions and branching statements in the context before midterm. After that, upon finishing loops, it suddenly swifts from Greenfoot to Eclipse talking about string and console input and output. It ends with recursion. The overall content is just basic concepts and not much sophisticated. If you want to learn more, you can always refer to Greenfoot API or some other online documentations.At first I am worried about the Professor's accent but it turns out that not only can he makes him clear but also leverages his sense of humour and tells lots of jokes in class to entertain. He is always open to questions. Personally I strongly recommend this professor.It's a really basic java course. Being an introductory course, this course has mostly everything to get you started with no background at all.The way the lecturer taught was really good. He used examples everyone could relate to and made sure we were all following his teachings.The exams were pretty hard, but with enough self-practice it is pretty manageable. Midterms was hard, so was the finals. :(Most people recommend to try doing the tutorial questions before actually going to the tutorial. The TAs are very helpful, explaining why this doesn't work and blablabla, but because it is a big class, they may not be able to cover all students.
There is also a small project where you create a mini game, and with adequate attendance and listening, you would be able to complete the project with minimal help.Very simple introduction to java.
You can learn how to write some basic programs in Eclipse and it is quite interesting .Wilfred is a good professor. He explains the concept clearly but a bit boring as he just read the PPTs in the lectures.midterm 86/100
final 93/100
lab full marks

Grade: B+
(quite hard to get A range)Lab are easy. The TAs are helpful.

There are only one assignment.
Not difficult even you don't have source.
But TAs will not answer any question about the assignment. You have to do it by youself.Very simple introduction to java language. Most syntax.Suitable for beginners of programming. For me,who hadn't touch programming before,I fell I really learned something from this course.Pedro is very patient and helpful. Even on his trip he replied to your email instantly.Basic Java stuff. I would say it is extremely interesting for someone that didn't take Java before (like me). At the end you can write some basic programs in Eclipse.Desmond is an awesome professor. Really lively, funny and likable.
The tutorial guys are way more boring, but the stuff there is quite easy.

You can access all lectures online (videos), but you have to attend the tutorials.

I don't like the use of Greenfoot at the beginning. The transition to eclipse is quite rough. I would much rather prefer to start in the Eclipse.Learn about object oriented programming language, some basic concepts of writing program such as class,keywords, loop,array. It focus on how you understand the knowledge of Java.As a student who knows nothing about computer and programing, it was very difficult to catch up, especially after the mid term, I understood nothing after taking the course.The content is pretty easy. Its basic Java. Those with even the slightest knowledge about programming will find the course quite simple. As for those are new to programming, you'll have to put some effort to understand the concept if you want to keep upThe professor definitely knows the concepts inside and out and is able to explain them in quite a lot of detail with plenty of examples during the lectures.

Side note: He enjoys cracking jokes every now and then.The course is mostly based on a simple java programing sofeware Greenfoot and some on Eclipse.
The topics includes introduction of object-orietated programming, loops, if-else statement.....etc.
However, it is better for those who have some basic programming concepts before studying this course.Wilfred's is ok. He will answer students' questions. However, his explantion is not quite clear sometimes.
Some of the TAs are willing to help you if you do not know about the assignments and labs.Basic syntax about Java, won't be difficult as long as you have attended all lessons(or at least watch the lecture videos if you insisted to skip the lessons) and done some extra research on it.
Topics:
1)Introduction to computers: Hardware and Software
2)Elementary Programming(variables, console output, comments..etc)
3)Objects and Classes
4)Variables and scope rules
5)expressions and branching statements(switch, if-else statement, boolean operator, comparison operator, arithmetic operator)
6)loops(while loop, do-while loop and for loop)
7)string manipulation and File I/O
8)Arrays and nested loop
9)console I/O
10)recursionDesmond is a great teacher. A very nice guy and is very professional in teaching xd The lessons are interesting and   he had explained the concepts clearly. It will be nice if you could find him personally after lessons and ask more questions before you leave. Personally, I had learned a lot (though many of them are supplementary, but it will be useful if you were very interested in CS or want to get a better grade ) during the talks with Desmond.The content is also pretty easy. Its basic Java. Anybody with even slight knowledge about programming will find the course extremely simple. Those who have no programming knowledge, may be required to put a little effort.The professor is amazing at teaching. He knows all the concepts really well and is very helpful. His teaching style is very energetic.Suitable content for an intro course to computing. Starts off with the very basics like hardware and software, input/output devices, etc. Various basic coding aspects are covered including objects and classes, variables, expressions, branching, loops, arrays, strings, file IO, recursion.

Content is taught using Java with the Greenfoot software for most of the course. The software is very simple for beginners as it has an easy graphical user interface. Later Eclipse is introduced, which is more advanced but the course does not go too much into details.

Overall the content is manageable for a student with no previous background in any kind of computing or coding, and will be very easy if you have learnt any kind of programming before.Wilfred is a good professor, explains the concepts well and clearly. Always open to questions and any kind of problems with the course content, assignments or project.

The lectures can be a bit boring as he just reads off the PPTs. Not necessary to attend the lectures if you prefer reading the PPTs on your own.This course covers basic java syntax and fundamental programming concepts which include variables, classes, if statements , loops, recursion and file IO.

These concepts are taught using greenfoot to help visualize classes and objects. The latter part of the course is taught with eclipse.

This course is intended for beginners so students with solid programming knowledge should find it easy.Muppala explains the materials clearly and often gives real life examples to illustrate abstract programming concepts. He is willing to answer questions during the lecture. Occasionally, he tells jokes to brighten the classroom mood but his jokes get repetitive and overused.

Labs are useful, let you practice concepts that were just taught in the lecture. TAs will give tasks which you have to finish during the lab session in order to get lab grades. They are willing to help out if you get stuck.Basic java syntax: variables, methods, scoops, array, conditional loops, and so on. Nothing difficult.Wilfred's teaching is quite good.He gives out presents for students who ans his question. But I still skipped most of the lessons. It's rather easy to learn everything from notes.Content covers all the basics of Computer Science. this i the hardest language to start Computer Science in at HKUST however.The professor did not know what he was doing sometimes. His examples don't help explain the contents of Computer Science and the lecture notes are only so-so. The TAs really know what they are doing though and will help look through your code for labs. I especially had difficulty with File I/O.Basic java programming, perfect for beginners. Recommend for those with no programming experience, and those who would like to play with some real programming. Unlike other languages like Python, which is simply a script.poor powerpoint and teaching. Wrong info shown on slides, wrong programming concept. Please do not take Wilfred's class.This course focuses on basic Java programming language. Greenfoot and Eclipse the softwares are required. All labs were all provided in the course website at the beginning of the course, so if you are familar with Java already, i suggest you finish them first and show them to TAs in the corresponding lab sessions.Prof. Ng showed lots of examples in the PowerPoint slides to illustrate the Java concepts. Lectures attendance is not counted and all course materials will be uploaded via course website and emails.Overall, the course mainly focused on using Java language in Greenfoot, and move to eclipse, which is more difficult than the former. It taught about basic programming techniques in Java at first and more advanced applications mostly after mid-term. The course is not very difficult to handle but as a beginner in programming I found it quite hard to understand the logic. To be able to understand everything I needed to read the textbook and the powerpoint slides thoroughly and try the codes by myself using my own computer using my spare time. Maybe because I am not very interested in programming, I did find the course a bit dull and demanding. My advice is to take this course only if you are very fond of the subject.Muppala is a very dedicated teacher as he was always trying to grasp students' attention and engage in the lesson very well. he also tried to use many interesting real-life examples in illustrated abstract concepts which made the lectures not boring.
The TAs are very helpful and they were willing to provide any information about the course to you. Like when you dunno how to fulfill lab tasks they will be eager to assist you and give you some hints.The course teaches basic programming concepts in java language.

The basic concepts were taught with Greenfoot, a graphical intro to java. The topics includes introduction of object-orietated programming, loops, if-else statement.....etc. After midterm, the course is taught with eclipse.

Most of the topics are easy at the begining of the course, and give you a general idea of what programming is.Professor explains the concepts clearly. He uses pens and paper to explain each steps of the code, and answers the question of students patiently.The course is divided into two parts. The basics are taught with Greenfoot, a graphical intro to java. It might be confusing for those who have some sort of programming background, but generally it is a good starter programming tool. The second part is taught with Eclipse.

The topics includes if, while, do..while loops, arrays, basic console and file i/o, etc. All of those are fairly easy. Except for recursion, which I have heard that many struggled with.

Labs are very easy, the TAs didn't mind you bringing your already finished lab works to their sessions, so you have plenty of time to prepare well at home if you find any of the works hard.

The assignment is about some Chinese chess game. If you don't already know how to play the game, it might be a little hard to get the rules.The teaching is very clear. The ppt slides are easy to read and understand. The professor speaks well and would not mind clearing some concepts up or answering questions in class. Most of the classes are 9am ones, so the professor tried really hard to lift up the spirits.The first half of the course uses greenfoot and the second half uses eclipse. The teaches programming from the start so it is not difficult even you haven't learn programming before. In fact, if you know programming already you can skip most of the lectures and just go to the lab section each week.Although I already learn programming before, I think professor Muppala teaches the concept clearly. He will use pen and paper to write out each step to illustrate how the program works. He is also willing to answer your question in class. TA in the lab also seems quite helpful and also willing to answer you question.Starting from Greenfoot to Eclipse,the course started from some basic concept in java so it is not difficult  for beginners.However, after mid term the concepts would become difficult , so don't miss the lecture.The power point slides are easy to follow even if you are self study and the professor taught quite wellAn introductory course with a main focus on Java programming. At the beginning a graphic-based software, Greenfoot, is used to introduce Java in a rather relaxing way, since it is less tedious than traditional Java programming software. It provides a decent platform for programming newbies to try out. After Midterm the focus is shifted to Eclipse, a more professional Java software. The course generally covers most of fundamental elements in Java language, like language grammar, Class, Variable, Method, Looping, If-statement, File I/O, Recursion, etc. You definitely don't need to be afraid of taking this seemingly tough course, since all these stuff are easy to get familiar with.Very good professor who has a strong passion in teaching programming. Sometimes he makes jokes in lesson. Occasional in-class mini projects are to be expected (e.g. Make a piano in Greenfoot). If you sit at the front of the lecture theatre he may invite you to answer his questions. A friendly atmosphere throughout the lessons. Lab sessions are also compulsory which in fact help you understand concepts introduced in the lectures. Each lab consists of several tasks and TAs will check your work and grade it (actually if you can finish those tasks then full grades will be given right away. They rarely ask you questions).Will start with greenfoot and then later move on to eclipse. Pseudo code will be used in the beginning and will move into "real" programming  which is still very basicunderstandable but could be better and more immersiveWhile the professor taught quite well, it is better if you could self-study even after the lecture.Basic java knowledge. Not very helpful for business students. Though i think the course is interesting and you can write codes and produce some games by yourselfYou have to get used to his Korean accent and his hand-writing. But overall his teaching is good.Covers basic concepts of Java programming. The topics are taught and explained explicitly; the course is suitable for beginners. Type of variables, class, method, array, recursion etc. are included in the content. The difficulty escalates after the mid-term exam so be prepare to spend a bit more time on the second half of the course.
Most of the course uses Greenfoot to help you learn how to do coding. The later part uses Eclipse, which is slightly more complicated.For some reasons I have attended some lectures from each of the three instructors. I shall do a brief summary of their teaching style.
Prof. NG: He uses ppt that combines his own input and the original slides. He explains things clearly and patiently. He has a sense of humor and is always well-prepared for lectures.
Prof. KIM: He includes quite a lot of extra things in his lecture (e.g. Hashmap) which are not required for exams. Even students with programming experience can learn something new. His lectures usually move at a fast pace. He is also witty and seems to enjoy interacting with students.
Prof: MUPPALA: He uses the original ppt slides and goes through them quite slowly, which is very ideal for any beginner. I observe that students tend to ask questions more eagerly in his lectures because he is very patient.The course consist basic knowledge on programming and is suitable for learners to get to know more on programming. Yet, it is too simple for experienced students.Prof. Kim has a good sense of humor and can make the class pay more attention. He used simple examples to help students to understand the topics.The content is quite simple and fit for a beginner. I am a first year SBM student with no prior knowledge of programming. I thought it was going to be a tough course because I read the comment on UST Space. The content was just basic programming like the syntax and basic addition, subtraction, etc.

For the final exam, I only read the powerpoint for a while and just went to take the exam.The professor is quite good. I understand what he said in class because he has good English skills. I think he got his phd from UCL.If you are a computer science student, this is a easy course for you.
If you are a engineering student, this course maybe a bit challenging to you.
If you are a business student, decide to choose another course before add-drop period.Lab tutor did not give us full answer despite lab session is over. Then he will give you a 0 mark for the lab.
You may try this course if you are an EXPERT.Personally, I had no problems understanding the concepts of java and writing simple programs in class. However, I felt that the lecture content was highly deceiving when I sat for the exams. The TAs make very tricky question papers which are extremely difficult if you do not have previous java experience. Whatever taught in class is completely useless and honestly, you can sit in your own dorm room and teach yourself. Even then, you will probably end up with a C or below if you are not an experienced programmer.The teaching is not very good in the sense that the professor teaches nothing that is relevant to doing well in the exams. He will explain concepts to you well but the real essence of programming lies in practice and actually writing programs which is not done in class at all. I found the TAs to be extremely unhelpful especially an Indian one who I believe relishes in seeing students miserable with their assignments and labs. So if he is the one grading them for you, I wish you good luck :)java using greenfoot
easy stuffs regarding content
very hard midterm and finalindian professor is funny
u can just seat playing hearthstone
or listen to himdamn hard
i got 71 in midterm
that mean is 80somethings and sd is 15
i revised all pastpaper but still do not know how to write programme
what the hell is going on with this courseeasy assingment
you can just copy assingment from past paper,
they are some how similar

lab is ok
i have never prepare it but sometimes still can leave earlyThe teaching content is just adequate but not much enough. Compared to another class, MUPPALA didn't give detailed explanation or demonstration of complicated knowledge. Overall the lecture notes have the basic programming definations, but if you want to get a good understanding of Java and get good grades, it is strongly recommanded to learn more from textbook, google or other MOOC courses.The professor comes from India and has a Indian accent. It will be a little problem listening to his teaching, but overall it is acceptable. It was easy to be abcent-minded because the teaching lacks passion and the jokes told in class is indian-style and not easy to get the laughing point.so difficult. Many contents, and all are relevant to each other, if you loss one, it means you loss all of them.so boring and expect everyone have CS background, not too bad, but obviously not good.BAD for non-cs major/ no any CS background (Programming)Big workload as you have to continuously non stop studying and asking and typing code, understand the language, if you are a good language learner, that might be fine for you. But I think for no CS background, please don't try it.Just basic programming fundamentals

Java :
Operations
Checking & Selection
Looping
Arrays
Classes & Objects
Inheritance
Static / Variables / Methods
Recursion
Strings
File I/O

The content is quite simple and interesting.Desmond is the nicest instructor I have ever seen in ust. He is fun and often tell some jokes in class. And he explains every details clearly and also with three languages ( English, Cantonese and Mandarin). He will make sure all students understand contents well and able to finish the assignment.Not recommended for those who didn't learn Java before. Quite tough for beginners.Funny, passionate, great professor. Always prepared and is enthusiastic about helping students. If you can do all the lab works on your own, you can do well on exams as well.use Greenfoot to learn java,beginner will find it difficult to catch up the content. however, it would be easy if you have learn programming before. contents become much more difficult after the midterm.
friendly reminder: most of the student taking this course are actually programming expert.actually the professor teach it quite well and always answer student's question very soon. beginner students may find the lecture quite fast and can not completely understand the concept before getting into new concept.The content is similar to previous years, but for this term Desmond decided to teach condition statements, looping statements, arrays, etc before going into classes and objects and so on, and also used Eclipse first before introducing Greenfoot. For me (someone with no programming background), I think this arrangement is fine since Desmond teaches really well, and Greenfoot is an absolute rubbish software.Desmond deserves more than an A for teaching, he is simply the best instructor you can meet (at least in your first year). His passion and teaching style will make the most disinterested student like his class instantly. His lecture notes are complete and sufficient for revision, although it is still highly recommended to go to lectures. Besides that, there are also lecture videos and extra teaching materials posted online which allows students to catch up and revise before the exams.Contents are basic elements of java programming. Quantity is suitable. Not too much even for students without programming background.Desmond's teaching style is lively and easy to understand. But teaching speed is a little bit slow, so there may be extra lectures. Lecture videos are provided for every lecture, including extra lectures.1 Problem Solving & Introduction to Computer Programming
2 Program Comments, Primitive Types, Variables and Literals,
Console I/O
3 Arithmetic, Assignment, Relational & Logical Operations.
Manual Type Casting
4 Branching Statements
5 Looping / Iterative Statements
6 Java Methods, Parameter Passing Mechanism,
Scope & Duration of Variables Method Overloading
7 Classes and Objects, Properties & Methods, Constructors
8 Fundamentals of Inheritance
9 Java Arrays
10 Recursions
11 Strings
12 Abstract Data TypesDesmond is super nice, and he is a really passionate teacher. However, not many people answer the questions he ask in class, so I always tried to answer.1. Basic data types, variables, assignment statements, console I/O
2. Arithmetic expressions, Boolean expressions
3. Branching and looping statements
4. Arrays
5. Classes and objects, properties and methods
6. Inheritance
7. Static variables and methods
8. Primitive types and reference types
9. Scope rules
10. String manipulations
11. File I/O RecursionBasic data types, variables, assignment statements, console I/O
Arithmetic expressions, Boolean expressions
Branching and looping statements
Arrays
Classes and objects, properties and methods
Inheritance
Static variables and methods
Primitive types and reference types
Scope rules
String manipulations
File I/O
RecursionFair
If you ask him questions, he would be pleased to answer you.You may feel very difficult if you haven't learnt java.
The assignments are very hard.
Many of the students who took this course are very familiar with java or program, and they were working very hard with this course, they always ask questions during the lessons and after school.The professor is really nice. If you ask him questions, he would be likely to ask you.
But some of the TAs are not really nice.Basic programming logics with Java
Interesting if you want to learn programming
As someone without a programming background, I didn't have too much difficulty as the lectures are quite clear
But the best thing about this course is
DESMONDDesmond is probably (one of) the best teacher out here. His teaching is slower than most lecturers so he usually gives extra lectures on a weekend but honestly you probably couldn't get a better teacher
ALL HAIL DESMONDContent seems not so hard to understand, but better revise them for the lab classes and tests.Not boring, but not enough contents are taught to do the assignment and lab work.Getting full marks in assignment is easy. The mean for both the tests are relatively low and SD is very high which means there are many students who are good at coding as well as beginners.Not much work to do, but some lab work is difficult for beginners in coding. There is only one assignment to be completed. Enough time is given to complete the assignment. However, it is hard for beginners finish it by themselves. Need help from someone who knows well about coding.Content is a little difficult to grasp so needs a bit of revising for exams. However, once doing a few practice problems it becomes a lot easier. Just do practice problems, I don't really understand how to do Java, just know how to answer the questions on exams.Professor tries to make interesting but is actually quite boring. Skipped many of the classes.- Teaching Java programming using Greenfoot (stupid software).
- Very basic knowledge of  programming. Easy if you have learnt programming before.Very basic programming skills, you can learn them online at any time.Most of the students taking this course have learnt programming before (maybe because they think java is more useful than python and vba, but i think python is a very good programming language for beginner. it is actually a useful and powerful language as well), so, a lot of students got very high score, which means the score of A range is so high, probably that's why people said the grade of this course is so poor.
i got A with overall ~95.x%.Basically the main workload are the labs and two assignments (separated from one program, so you can treat them as one assignment).Object Oriented Programming, Scope Rules, Boolean Expressions, Branching Statements, Loops, Array, File I/O, Recursion, Abstract Data Type, etc

You learn all this online by watching videos and doing exercises.You're expected to go through the online videos and exercises before the week-long face-to-face meeting. During face-to-face meetings, the prof will review some of the online content then you'll do some in-class activities

the prof and TAs are helpful and patient. If you're stuck/have no idea what to do, then just ask and they'll give you hints and guide youCovers about 3-4 month's material in 4 weeks.
Covering
The learning is mostly based on online components at first, then it is face-to-face components.
Below are the main contents:
Computer hardware, software, data types, variables, object-oriented programming, branching statements, loops, arrays, file Input/Output, event driven programming, GUI, Character strings, recursion, Abstract Data Types,...The teacher is good, and he may ask us about the opinion of the course after the class.The content covers basic, introductory Java programming language. If you're from CS background, you may find transitioning in this course not really hard.

The content itself isn't too demanding. But if you're a starter, it will take some time learning Greenfoot and Eclipse interface and setup.Good and friendly professor. Often crack some jokes during classes and always use examples with thorough explanation to teach concepts. Also willing to help students with their questions after classescover basic java concepts, including looping, arrays, greenfoot, a little bit about eclipse, data types

without programming background, it will be pretty hard. People in this class are doing well in programmingPoor teaching, lecture slides are bad
you dont really understand what the lectures slides are about unless you jot notes during lecture, thus skipping lectures are not recommended
sometimes out syl stuffs are included, but it helps u to understand the concepts betterBasic Java introduction:
Object orientated programming
Basic structure of object orientated programming
If else
Loops(for, do, while)
Arrays
2d array
Recurrsion
File I/O
Scanner class
Stack (abstract data type)

You should learn in the online system and go through all 10 modules before face to face meeting in just one week. The week of lectures and labs are very intensive and just a brief review. Therefore, if you do not work hard before hand, you would get stuck in labs and cannot finish in time.

I do not have programming background. However, only a logical mind as used in other areas like maths and science would be enough to solve the problems. It need a bit time to familiarize with the computer language though.Prof's English is fair. Local Hong Kong accent. Prof and TA are very helpful. Just ask if you get stuck.Introduction course, when you get used to it , it will be very easy. There're so many students who are already good at writing code and usually get very high marks in exam. You can reach A range Inly when you perform excellently in your exam if the final exam is as easy as this timeNo CommentIndtroduce the basic knowledge of java..
If you are not going to take CS as major , don't take this course as it is time-consuming to learn java without the basic knowledge of coding.There are a lot of students taking this course with fundamental of even advanced knowledge of programming.The mean of this course is really high.Quite good.The instructor is enthusiastic for teaching.Always interact with students. The TAs are helpful and quickly respond to students 'question upload in canvas.Basic programming concepts:
e.g. objects and classes, variables and scopes, branching, loops, recursion (only simple ones)

If you have programming backgrounds, you don't even need to learn them, just revise before the exams, and the exams are open note.The professor teaches quite well (although i only attended a few lectures), the slides used are also clear.The content is very interesting and gives a good overview of the java language, but the first weeks might be quite difficult to follow if you are entirely new to programming.The teaching is well organised, but it is sometimes a little bit boring. The majority of the material is in the slides.Basic contents about java programming including basic grammar of java language, branching statement, arrays and file I/O.
The level of content is adequate for introduction course.Lecture is helpful, but I think studying presentation file is enough.
Lab session is worth taking.Basic Java stuff.

Starts off easy but gets harder as you go on.The professor is very easy to understand and clear to follow.

The lab TA's are a lot more boring but most of the lab contents should be easy to follow if you read the lab instructions.the content is enough, before the midterm, all knowledge is easy to understand and basic, after the midterm, some topic is difficult.Good teaching skill, and gives many extra ppt.Not good grade, even I have previous knowledge of JAVA, I still get a C+, since many people get 90%+ of their score. In this course, the logic is much much important than the programming skill, especially the nest for loop.Workload is at the right level, only do lab exercise, some lab is difficult but some lab is very easy.
1 personal assignment, not take too much time.
1 Exam mostly get 80%.If you have a little bit experience in programming, this course will not be too difficult for you. Both the mid-term and final exam is 'open notes', so nothing is needed to remember except bring your notes to attend the exam.Very good professor. The lesson always full of joy and the pace is acceptable. Lecture video is provided so it is easy to catch up even missed some classes.It covers basics of java using Greenfoot, which is a very basic and graphic platform. It starts off with introduction to the platform which make take a little time to understand. Then they focus on introducing the language and how it works. The content covered according to me isn't hard at all if you know it or have done any programming language in your life. But if you're a newbie, better take a rain check or do an online course beforehand, because it becomes too much work load. To be honest, if you want a major in CS in the future, this course is the tip of the ice-berg so you should be fine with the content or else its going to be a major problem in the future coursesI didn't attend many lectures as I had already covered most of what was being taught but whenever I went to class, I was never bored because Prof Wilfred uses good examples and supplementary slides. He also does those Harvard's CS50 style small giveaways in the beginning so its fun if you keep your eyes open.Basic programming concepts. Extremely interesting for people with no knowledge in programming before, but it would be boring for more experienced learners. I would say it's a great introductory course.Wilfred's teaching is thorough, but I find it a little too slow. Working through the slide off class by yourself instead of taking lectures would be more a more efficient use of time.

TAs are very helpful, kudos to them.The content is about basic java concepts. It covers learning about basic data types such as int, boolean, String, etc. Simple if-else statements, recursion, while/for loops, and basic concepts about OOP such as inheritance, instance variable, static variable is included as well. If you previously learned OOP before, this course will be easy. If not, I recommend you to stay focused during the lecture and spend some time self-studying.Professor Muppala's lecturing pace was appropriate to me. He uses humor while he is lecturing, and I enjoyed his lecture. All of his lecture is based on his PPT, so it is better to review PPT after the lecture to have better understanding of the lecture.Intro to Java, mainly through Greenfoot and Eclipse in the latter part. As a programming idiot I can still feel it is really just an intro course (even I still find it really hard). Learning the basic syntax in lectures, take them into use in labs and assignments, and good luck in exams. Things learn in the notes are just basic knowledge and the course is requires more in understanding and logical thinking to be demonstrated through tasks and exams. As an idiot I found a lot of new things to be learnt in the course (but broken grade); or you are a genius who is not going to learn anything from it (they are those who should take this course for the grades ;( )The prof is pretty funny, you are not going to fall asleep in the class if you don't find it difficult to understand his accent. He and the TAs are always willing and able to answer your questions after class, in lab and on canvas, and of great effectiveness. But again, some have fairly heavy accent, both in Cantonese and English (No prob if you are good in Indian or Mandarin), which is the only problem i can think of.
(Even though I absolutely gave up the course in around Nov and did not attend a single lecture or watch them back)Though there are some inappropriate arrangement in the order of slides, the content are all quite useful actually. And the attached slides give you better understanding of the lectures, which is also suitable for "experts".Wilfred is such a enthusiastic teacher that he always try to warm up the class. Therefore we got a lot of fun during the class(even at that time I'm always starving). And the TAs are the most efficient ones I've ever met. Thanks!The content is interesting, for a computer idiot, it is a really fun course. You can learn java lang from 0 to you can write some simple code for specific purpose. Maze, chest game, master mind etc, if you are eroll for interest, it's a nice course for you, on the other hand, if you for a good grade, please click to the homepage.Prof Ng is a nice teacher, he is very heart to teach, but not for exam. He will use many extra examples to tell you what is it doing and the reason behind. Unfortunately, he always talk a lot of "Out Syllbus". it's easily to mess up.Professors and TAs were quite nice and responsive. Though, their accent are quite strong, which international students might have problem focusing during the lectures at the beginning.it's hard AF! basically it started off real easy with very simple coding then it hits you right before mid term with all these difficult java shenanigans.. i have to say this is more than a intro course. if someone took this course and totally understand everything, you can trust him with his java proficiency.
i would say... the content is very abundant, if you have a passion for java then this course is for youhe's a very friendly and nice professor. always tries to make jokes here and there which i appreciate. but i can probably understand the material better if he explains a bit more clearerAt first you may naively think that this is an introductory course, so everyone without programming knowledge will handle it easily. But you are wrong, totally WRONG. Yup, the content before midterm may be able to handle but it turns out to be difficult to understand when the topic like String console or recursion are taught. You can see there may be someone commenting that this course is easy. TRUST me, they have learned it before. It is totally unfair to put those experts learning together with programming newbies.
For those who don't have background knowledge, our only function is to help the experts to get a high grade.Wilfred is a good teacher and he taught everything in an interesting way.
But, I got my brain tons of questions and even headache and eventually I confirmed that I learned nothing. Asking for clarification has no use because it turns out that you will get a headache again when you face a new situation.

Those experts always love to challenge the teachers and show off. And I even don't know what they are trying to argue.The content is not really suitable for students without programming knowledge
The powerpoint does not provide enough explanation on the codesThe professor is very humorous, if you arrive early he'll show funny videos on youtube
He can use different daily life example to illustrate programming concept such as variables and array.Simple Java Programming tools such as Array,if else,while,and it also included ADT such as Stack and Queue. Appropriate to Beginner. That 's especially suitable to the student whose want to choose CSE as their major.And i think this course is the most difficult amongs COMP series in the Year 1It 's seperately taught by different professors.Generally good.And Most likely the lesson are on 9:00 am,it ;s very tough for student whose don 't live hall.Sometimes I just skipped some lesson and it 's quite diffcicult to review those things after the lessons.The TA are quite helpful.Relatively Easy I'd say. Those things you can learn by yourself.honestly i dont know cuz i never attend any class. LOL the TAs at labs were all very helpful.super good grade. with my participation didn't expect myself to have such a good grade. i only used very simple codes to do my project. super easy. I got B+ in the end.you do have to make a game out of greenfoot. not very difficult though if you have source. with the lab its quite annoying cuz you have to go every week, considering i'm an extremely lazy student. the tasks though werent really difficult. again, if you have source it would be ten times easier.No CommentThose who like math and theoretical aspect of CS will love the course. 5 broad topics:
1. Basic Sorting Algorithms
2. Randomized and Advanced Sorting Algorithms
3. Greedy Algorithms
4. Dynamic Programming
5. Graph Algorithms

4 and 5 are the hard parts, rest are not that difficult concept wise. Would need a lot of practice for all topics to score well on the exams.I found Prof. Golin's teaching one of the best till now. Goes through all slides, answers all questions and repeats some of the challenging and difficult parts twice.
Only thing that could be slightly better would be if there were some more questions discussed in class, maybe some from past papers. Other than that, he writes the tutorials and solutions himself which are pretty good.The course is too theoretical this semester: previous semesters' coding implementation assignments were cancelled...it turns to be as impractical as COMP3511. Sad

Topics:
1. Bubble sort, insertion sort, big O notations
2. Mergesort
3. Sub-array problem
4. Randomized algorithms
5. Quicksort
6. Heaps
7. Lower bounds, counting sort, radix sort
8. Huffman coding
9. Greedy algorithms
10. Dynamic programming (VERY HARD)
11. Graphs, trees
12. Breadth-first search and depth-first search
13. DAG and Topological sort
14. Minimum Spanning Trees
15. Shortest path algorithms
16. Maximum flow
17. the Hungarian method (HARDEST but irrelevant)
18. Stable Matching

Regardless of the grading and memorization, this is the most difficult undergraduate course in computer science because the concept of each topic is hard to understand in a short period of time and it requires a lot of thinking.I don't know why Golin hurries to teach every lesson...he just speaks too fast and there are just a few examples to demonstrate each concept. As a result, he almost finishes all the stuff in early November and extra content like bipartite matching in the course.

The TA Lau Man Kit is helpful to explain the course materials in detail. If you have difficulty in the course, go to find him.1.divide and conquer
2.sorting
3.greedy algorithms
4.dynamic programming
5.graph algorithms
After learning these, those in COMP2012(H) will seem very easy to you.
Reference book: MIT press: Introduction to AlgorithmsQuite good and careful. Algorithms are implemented with examples. The instructor is nice. You can waive the requirement of COMP2711/2012 for this course. You can even get the permission of enrolling COMP5711 taught by him without any COMP courses taken.Content covered is very suitable for an introduction to algorithm design - relatively basic but interesting, including big-O notation, sorting algorithms, algorithm paradigms (divide and conquer, dynamic programming) and graph theory.

It takes some time and effort to properly understand all the concepts, but once you do, it is very easy to follow and intuitive.Teaching is adequate - sometimes difficult to understand, but the instructors and TA's are more than willing to explain in more detail or repeat their explanations.

Just remember to speak up, otherwise the first explanation is sometimes half-hearted.

The lecture notes are mostly self-explanatory and covers all the materials, but a practice is important, because the lectures only teach concepts, but the exam question test the application of those concepts.

Skipping lectures is okay, but it is advised to read through the lecture materials first, because some concepts can be harder to understand.The course focus on sorting algorithms, dynamic programming and graph theory. It is a useful course, learning those topics help improve writing programs.Professor and TAs's teaching are clear, and easy to follow. But in fact I skip many classes and don't know too much.
Lecture notes are enough for handling assignments and exam, plus practising on homework is sufficient to understand most course material.The course can be divided into 2 big parts: sorting algorithms and graphs. The first part is tested on the midterm and relatively easier, than the second part. The hardest topic is dynamic programming, on which basically many students lost the majority of the points(both for midterm and final).Professor Golin speaks very fast, goes through the notes in a rush, but if you read the notes before the lecture, you will be able to follow his pace and everything will make much sense.The course introduces skills for multimedia processing on the internet.
Basic skills for HTML, Javascript, CSS and jQuery is briefly introduced in the first two weeks. Afterward, topics about MIDI, Audio, Image and Video are taught respectively throughout the whole course.David is a quite funny professor.Using web to handle multimedia including audio, music, image and video.

Audio includes making a piano keyboard and a musical whiteboard with MIDI.

Music includes making sound waves with time domain method and additive synthesis method, and sound effects such as echo, tremolo and FM.

Image includes applying effects like negate, ripple, threshold and posterization to the image and making a kernel operation for image blur, edge and sharpen.

Video includes applying effects like motion blur, earthquake and cross fade to the video.The prof is funny. He explains things clearly.

The TAs are good and willing to help.I found the content of the course to be very engaging, the course is split into three distinct parts.

1) Image processing : How to manipulate jpg,png and other image formats, how to use VB to import and modify such images and the theory of image coding ie color representation,filtering algorithms,background removal,insertion etc.

2) Audio Processing: How to use MIDI with VB to manipulate different aspects of sound like pitch, duration and volume. Learn how an echo works as well as tremolo,pitch trimming and magnification and other things in this area.

3) Video Processing: Really combines part 1 and 2 together, mainly focussing on effecient ways to apply image or sound processing techniques to multiple frames. Also includes how to detect moving frames and correct them as well as how to select certain important frames based on how much changes happens.The teaching is fairly good, as I did it in the summer the pace of the classes were quite fast, which I personally like, and the powerpoint slides given cover almost all the material. However, the professor sometimes talks a little bit extra in one area if interested and you should always write that stuff down, because it might partially appear in a question in the exam.

One slight downside is that the structure is kept very basic. It is almost exclusively the professor talking to students using the powerpoints. There is no interaction in the form of questions or quizzes, which I personally like.This is a good introductory course to C programming languages. If you've learnt Java before, you'll find C syntax to be quite similar to that of Java. This course would be quite useful if you're gonna take COMP2011 later.

Topics included:
Introduction to C
     Overview
     C Basics
     Variables
     Text Input and Output
Essential Programming in C
     Making Decisions
     For Loops
     While Loops
Functions and Arrays
     Functions
     Variable Scope
     Arrays
Strings and Structures
     Strings
     Structures
     Random Numbers
Advanced Topics
     File Input and Output
     Recursion

The following contents are either new or handled differently from Java:
Text Input and Output
     Basic concepts and different types of placeholders
     Alignment of text in console
Strings
     Strings defined as an array of characters
     Manipulation of strings
Structures
Random Numbers
     Use of built-in random functions
     Concept of the seed valueThere are no face-to-face lectures.

All I needed to do was to visit the course websites and read through all the content. The concepts are all well structured and clearly delivered, so you should find no problem understanding the course content.

There are also instructional step-by-step videos teaching you how to do the assignments, so if you're stuck with the assignments you can always have a look. But of course, it would be more rewarding if you do the assignments and think them over all by yourself.This course gets you with some very basic concepts for C programming, for example, input/output, loops, arrays, structure, recursion,etc. They are just pieces of cake for those who have some basic programming senses.
For a 1-credit course, it  is super easy and not time-consuming at all.Go online and you will get everything you want.(lecture materials, exercises with video tutorial,etc.)
Gibson is just perfect, his materials are funny and easy to understand.Overall, it's not a difficult course with 1 credit. The content involves introduction and some basic functions, which are adequate to use them to make a small game. The contents are easy to understand and there are videos to help you understand better. If you just want to get to know this programming language without occupying too much time, then it's a good choice.The course is designed for self-study. Each topic will be matched up with videos and examples, which is quite considerate.Very green-hand friendly. Even to students without much programming background. Use games as assignments, which are quite interesting.Hard to judge as there's no face-to-face teaching.Should be easy to get passed.
To pass the course, you have to finish 3 of 4 total assignments and get 60% of total marks.
And you have to get at least 40% of total scores in final exam.Just a 1-credit course so the workload is very very low.
Even lower for students with programming background, just spend 1-2 hours a week to work on course work.
Strongly recommended, just learn something during summer!Basic knowledge of C: variables, text input/output, loops, functions, arrays, structures, recursion, etc.

I used XCode to complete my homework (Mac).This is an online course, so you don't talk to the professor face to face (unless you see him in his office).

The lessons are very straightforward and easy to understand.

However, I did email the professor for help once and he replied to me two weeks later AFTER the assignment was due... I also emailed the TA and s/he never replied back to me...just some basic knowledge of the c, seem similar to comp1022p. it start from variable, and then input/output, then if/then/switch...

it use visual studio as the editorin online text form,sometime you may miss leading when only have the text. Assignment will have video to explainBasic C, logic, I/O, all the notes are on the web.Self teaching online, with a lab session helping you through the assignment conducted by TA per week..4 PA + written final(close book)
The final exam tested you several detailed corner in C including numerical I/O, logic process. But overall the questions are covered in what you have learnt before.
P/F, I suppose that everyone can pass this course.almost no wkload... The notes on the website are easy to understand and the PA were pretty easy.Fruitful content taught through the course, and also many labs which are very practical are provided. It is mainly a self-taught learning course, in which relevant content and knowledge is posted in the website of the course, and students need to study themselves before labs.self-taught, mainly go to official website and learn yourselfGood teaching style and material appropriate for level.Okay and Good, the teacher is very approachableOkay I think it is very good. It is easy to get good grade although the mean is high and can be difficult to get at least 2 sd above the mean. however, overall is good and very Okay.Okay I think it is very easy. The teacher is very nice and the workload isn't that much hard you have to concentrate alot to the teacher and like you will do very well.This course introduces the C programming language. It is intended for students who already have some experience in computer programming but wish to learn how to apply those programming skills to the C language. The course covers basic programming topics, such as variables, control, loops, and functions, to more advanced topics.Everything you need is online (video tutorials, notes, Stack Overflow, Google, etc..)It's basically introduction to C. Very little OPP taught. I think this course builds a good foundation for you in understanding basic programming and common pitfalls.

Before the mid-term, we learned the basic stuff.
After the mid-term, we learned pointers, which can take you some time to get used to the syntax. So make sure you pick good lecture notes to read :P.The professor seems to be obsessed with the word ABSTRACTION :P. He is a kind-hearted professor, and is willing to answer students' questions after class. But I'm sorry to say, the organization of his lecture notes was a bit fuzzy, and his lectures were unfortunately boring. =[

But on the contrary, the other lecturer Cecia made good notes (y). Also the TAs were really helpful. =DThe content is quite simple, but the exam requires you to have thorough understanding of the course materials and C++ in general to obtain a good grade

A lot of labs require lots of thinking and understanding behind the task given to code a solution on that task. Time consuming if you aren't too familiar with the lab tasks.

Quiz is quite basic, just need a good understanding of C++ in general. Midterms and exams are similar to labs in the way that you have to code solutions to given problems on the fly as the exam progresses, with extra emphasis on overall content learnt in 2011 for the exams.Not much to say regarding lab instructors as I have not really asked them questions, but they will explain about some of the more difficult lab assignments during the lab sessions.

Course instructor was ok. She can give you some insight in some problems you may not have thought about, so I think it is still worth coming to lectures. It's not a must to attend lectures as lecture videos tend to be provided for the course.The course covers most of the basic contents of c++ and contains some simple data structures. Covered topics are follows:
1. Basic syntax, operators and data types
2. If-else and switch statements
3. Array and functions
4. Scope of identifiers
5. Recursion
6. File I/O (Skip in 2017 fall)
7. String Class (Skip in 2017 fall)
7. Struct and Classes
8. C++ 11 new features
9. Pointers
10. Stack and queue
The contents are important for the upcoming courses with COMP2011 as pre-requisite. Most difficult part would be recursion and pointers as it takes lots of time to understand the logic behind when doing assignments or the final exam paper.Good lecturers and TAs as they are always available to answer several questions after the class.
They created a Facebook group page for us to raise different questions and discuss several concepts freely with TAs and some lecturers monitoring. In fact, they answered almost all the questions even if the questions contains some out-of-course contents.This course covers almost the basics of c++, including control flows, array, functions, pointers and class. Also it covers some simple data structures like stack/ queue and linked list. The most difficult part would be pointers. Make sure you fully understand the concept of pointers before having exam as it takes relatively large proportion in the paper.The lecturers and TAs show very high teaching quality. They explain the concept very clearly and comprehensively. They also create a Facebook group for students to ask questions and discuss freely.intro to c++
so it's said the contents are not so hard, however, still quite not easy to understand for beginners, need preview, listen carefully in class and review, if you don't have any background. basics in the first month, array and functions in the second month, and after midterm there will be structures, pointers and classvery nice instructor
like students ask questions and answer kindlyOverall just introductory topic on C++, will not go too deep or mind-blowing in the lecture notes (unfortunately). Might be a little bit overwhelming to those who are new to C++ programming language. I'd say recursion, pointer, and class are the most trickiest topics. Spend more time studying them.Went to almost every lecture, the instructor explains those concepts in a rather slow-paced manner. She will elaborate more on those C++ topics if you approach her afterwards. Overall nice and friendly.Involves all the basic concepts related to programming, which is extremely essential and important for CS students. Yet, the concept "Object-Oriented" have not been covered (which will be covered in COMP2012).

Topics covered in Fall 2015:
1.Introduction to computer programming
2.C++ basics: basic syntax, data types, operators
3.Control flow
4.Functions
5.Array and structure
6.Recursion
7.Scope
8.Struct
9.Pointers
10.Dynamic Data
11.Class
12.Stack and Queue
13.File input / outputClear explanation even though the style is quite boring. Every concept mentioned in the slides is discussed in details. Normal speed. Students with not much programming background may also be able to catch up.copy from others:
1. Pointers
2. Functions
3. Array (2D,3D)
4. Struct
5. Linked List
6. Queue
7. Stack
8. Classvery bad. He is boring and just read from ppt. No interaction at all.
Sometimes you can't even understand him. He did't even explain the details clearly.
worst professor ever.At the beginning of the course the content is very easy due to which i got exceptional score in my quiz but later the content starts getting harder.
The content are as following:
1. Pointers
2. Functions
3. Array (2D,3D)
4. Struct
5. Linked List
6. Queue (not asked in exam)
7. Stack (not asked in exam)
8. Class (basic further taught in COMP 2012)

The contents are useless for exam because even though you know the concept you wont be able to do well in exam.Our teacher was Cecilia and she tried her best to teach us. I already knew much of the concept so i cant judge much on her teaching.
For the Lab TA's, my TA was Kevin and he was very helpful. He would answer my question even via email during non office hours which helped alot.The content is not difficult. The hardest part of the course is about pointer.

Nearly all labs need much time to do so as those labs require a good understanding of C++. New skills which are not out of the lecture may involve.Course instructor is good. She taught clear concept of C++. She can give many examples for us to understand most of the features.

Lab TAs are also helpful if you have some question to ask. They usually can help you figure out and solve your problem.About the beginning of C++ and end with how to implement linked list with pointer, basic of Class.She try her best to let the lecture become interesting but the course material is boring. So there are not many people attend the lecture

Provide in-class example for students to follow. Demonstrate the code with real-time program.

If you have some background in programming, the first half of the lecture is quite boringIf you take the 1029C, you can revise less for the mid-term as many of the content overlapped.
After the mid-term, pointers will be the focus. You can do well in the final exam if you go through all the lecture notes and memorize some of the algorithms and the past papers.Cecia is a good instructor. Her English is fluent and she would tell jokes in the class. She is also willing to answer student's questions.This course will teach fundamental CS and OOP concepts by using C++, including functions / array / scope / structures / pointer / class / stack and queue / new C++11 features (added this semester).

For pointers, we have to learn about linked lists too, and of course these will come along with recursion (functions), dynamic array, memory allocation and leakage.

The regular 11 labs were about:
1 - Basic C++
2 - Basic I/O
3 - Nested Loops
4 - 1D array
5 - 2D array
6 - Recursion
7 - File I/O and string (not accessed in final exam)
8 - Structures
9 - Pointer
10 - Dynamic array and linked list
11 - Classes

Midterms accessed you from basic C++ to functions (recursion, overload, pass by reference, declaration and definition)

Final accessed everything except file I/O, C++ strings and queue structure type.Cecia is one of the best tutors I have ever met. She can teach many things not mentioned on lecture notes, which is helpful for you to clear concepts. She will also demonstrate and explain about the examples given on lecture notes (which unfortunately lacked explanation)

After lessons, students could still approach her easily. You can even find her after lesson times to ask about this course's materials.C++ Basics
Control Flow
Function
Array
======[MT]=====
RECURSION [DIFFICULT]
C++11 [NEW]
Scope/Separate Compilation
STRUCT + POINTER [EXTREMELY DIFFICULT]
Stack and Queue (Queue is out syllabus for finals)
The absolute fundamental class for COMP students. You'll find most COMP/CPEG students in this class as it's required.
The teaching can be improved by giving us more time to practice and digest on difficult topics as stated above.Registered for class of Dr. Cecia Chan. Skipped a lot of lessons but regretted since later topics are quite hard to get a grasp. Solely by reading the ppts will get you confused. Go to Programming Commons if you have any questionsThe Lecture Notes is well organised. Also, It provides a new C++ features like lamda. The  content is no different compares with the previous lecture notes.Brian Mak is a good teacher.He is a well prepared for the course. He also speaks a good English and explain the idea clearly. He uses the IPad and Apple Pencil during the class. I think it is his teaching style.It's easy if you have learned C/C++ before. It's about C++ for beginners. Just some basic stuff like pointers, if, while loop, etc. The lab work is not so hard as well.I think Andrew is a great instructor. He is good at explaining the ideas of different lines. He was also humorous so that we were always given some funny videos to enjoy at the end of the lecture.This course assumes that students have already taken any of the COMP1000 prerequisite courses, and gives students a week to bridge the gap between Python/Java/Excel VBA before starting with C++.

The course will cover aspects of the C++ programming language from basic conditional logic to pointers and classes. Lecture notes are often very comprehensive and additional material will be distributed to aid students.

Alternate Course Title: Introduction to C++ Programming LanguageProf Chan is very concise when explaining concepts in general, and she will spend extra time and effort on relatively more difficult concepts (e.g. pointers). She will also spend time after class to try answer questions from students.

The Lab TAs are also very kind and helpful. They will try to explain the goal and approach to the assignments concisely.The course taught C++ from the beginning, so it didn't require any C++ knowledge beforehand.

The lectures notes contained many sample codes, which were very useful for understanding the coding.Albert discussed each topic in great details. His explanation was very clear and straightforward.

Although his voice was constantly flat, he did try to make his lecture interesting.Generally, the content is easy to understand. If you have taken COMP 1022P, it will be much easier for you to understand this.
It gives you some basic knowledge about C++. More importantly, you may begin to think like a programmer after some training.Cecia is a great teacher.
She gives us some candy in the last lecture~-~
And TAs are also impressive. They are patient to deal with your problem in the lab.The content covers basics in C++ with very little Object-oriented programming. Before midterm, there's no much new things than the basic comp introduction course. After midterm, the most difficult part is pointer, however, if you clearly understand every example in the lecture notes, there will be no big problem.Cecia is excellent instructor, and the lectures are not boring. She explains content and examples very clearly, in a way that suits my way of learning very well. She is also very friendly to questions both after class and by email. After midterm, she also provided lecture videos.Including most basic things in C++, like loop, function, control flow,etc. The most difficult parts are recursion and pointer, Class seem easier but it is extremely tricky question.Andrew is a good teacher ever, he always spend few minutes to play a video, or show something which is very interesting. I like his teaching style.before midterm it is about basic programming language, if you take comp 1022P java, it is quite easy to follow the content before midterm since C/C++ is similar to java

After midterm is not easy I think, difficult part is the pointer and data types.not interesting but acceptable.C++ syntax, looping, recursion, array, pointer, ...
It seems like teaching you C++ instead of OOP, it only have one lecture note is about OOP. Before the midterm, the content is petty easy to follow. But after midterm, it requires more time to understand the content, especially pointer and array.The lecturer is passionate, but a bit boring.
She usually explains stuff in her own way, it is difficult to judge whether it is a good way or not, but for me, I don't enjoy that way.Teaching C++ syntax, data structure ... and recursion, basically the foundation of OOP. The content before midterm is close to 1000- level comp course. But the content covered after midterm, especially pointer, is difficult to understand.The lecturer is quite passionate, but she seldom follows lecture notes and explains stuff in her own way, which makes it hard to follow. At the end of I watch Brian Mak lecture videos.Teach you C++Actually, the prof teaches quite good. But the content is too difficult to understand.bad because it is very difficultlab is very difficult, especially for the later ones. The tutor advises us to complete the task before coming to the lab. Therefore, it is very time-consuming. Sometimes, it is too hard that u may only get 1 mark out of 2 because of your attendance. 1 is deducted for not completing the task.  There are 3 assignments in total. The first 2 are acceptable in terms of difficulty and time needed. The last one is extremely difficult that u may just want to give up. Lastly, the mid term and exam are both very difficult.If you have learn programming in you high school, you will find that the content of the course isn't really useful. This course covers a lot of basic content of programming. And if you have learn C++, it will be more useless for learning.

Quiz (3 in class quiz and 3 MC-questions each quiz
The first is a trail and hence not include in the final score. The remaining two are easy and because they are done on computer, you can check you answer before choosing.
1 closed book short quiz
This quiz is testing some self-learning content such as basic control and flow)
Assignment (total number of 3
The first two are easy and you can easily get full mark if you have read all the instruction provide in course webpage. However, the third will focus on data structure and it is quite difficult to get full mark)
Lab (Every week you need to attend because it take attendance. The program you need to complete isn't easy and if you have not prepared the lab, you have a high chance failing to complete the work in time and you can only get the attended mark.)Because this may be the first real programming course that most of the student may attend in HKUST, Cecia teaches everything in a really detail and slow way. However, as I said before, if you have some basic background for programming, you will find yourself difficult to focus on the lecture. Also, the TAs in the lab are really helpful.Control (while loop, do-while loop, for loop)
Function
Array
Pointer & Dynamic Data
Recursion
Scope
Struct
Stack & QueueProfessor: Fair and have clear explanation
Lab TA: quite good, will always help in the lab session
will create a Facebook group for students asking questions, TA will answer the question as soon as possibleCovers a range of programming content in C++ ranging from the basics all the way up to pointers. Very hands-on, with weekly labs and practical assignments.Prof. Mak was really good, he made everything as understandable as possible and would take time to answer questions if you missed out on anything. The TAs were generally pretty great too and seemed to care about helping out.Extremely abundant amount of content in regards to the basics and principals of efficient programming and memory management for a low-level object-oriented language like C++.Lecture notes were extremely well written and a lot of previous past papers were provided alongside TA's who were willing to help out and are knowledgeable in programming.The content is indeed useful in programming. It could give a good basic knowledge to you for further learning in programming.

2011 course only includes the C language and the C++ language would be taught in 2012.Brian's lesson is somehow boring. I often fall asleep in the second half of the lesson. However, if you are really interested in the course and interested in programming, you would find his lesson useful.The most important and difficult content about this course was about how pointers works in cpp. cpp is quite similar to java in many ways, so if you took Comp1022P, you would have edge to the others. Other contents include basic data types, struct, some simple data structures like stack and queue etc.Prof Cecia's lecture was pretty straightforward and clear, and the TAs were also quite helpful during the lab section.C++ basics. Really just memorizing syntax and errors if you don't already know it.Never went to a single class, so I wouldn't know. Spent 10 minutes at each lab just to get my lab problem sets checked.Didn't study at all, never went to lectures, read the slides once. Did all the labs and assignments. Got a B.

As long as you do all the labs and homework, you should easily get a B or above.Very low workload. Labs take no time at all, and assignments take between 10 minutes and 2 hours.All about C++, all sorts of text content without anything related to graphics inserting, even games made in this course are in text-style, quite boring and unsatisfactoryCHAN, Ki Cecia teaches quite well but her lectures are quite boringThe lecture content is good overall. Some stuffs were more difficult to understand but I found them mostly useful. Many of the labs were challenging, but I found them really helpful in helping students to understand concepts.Explains clearly but rather too fast, especially in later topics. You can ask him anytime actually, but most of the time we were too clueless to ask anything.Actually is not officially an OOP course, it should be called introduction to c++, the contents are about basic c++ syntax e.g. looping and conditional statements, recursion, pointer and reference, and a few data structures.very good teaching with clear explanation.
all professors were also teaching in detail.
if you missed the class, you can watch the lecture video by clicking into the course webpage.Content itself covers the C++ basics and all other basic concepts covered by any programming course, plus topics like pointers, classes, stack+queue that might strike out as slightly different than what is learnt in the COMP introductory courses in UST. Topics themselves are interesting. Content after the midterm is the challenging part.Prof Sander covers topics well. The lecture videos were provided as well that were helpful.C++ basic concepts are broadly covered.
Contents include:
if-else statement/switch
loop
array
recursion
scope
structure
declare/define
overloading
default argument
separate compilation
pointer
class
stack and queue
file IO
string class
etcProfessor Yeung is really knowledgeable and detail-oriented.  He can help students to clarify some common misunderstandings in his lectures. But his voice is relatively small and deep. It takes some efforts to always pay attention in his classes lol

with lecture videos.The content is pretty interesting. It broadly covers Basic C++ Programming, Control Flow, Functions, Arrays, Recursion, Pointers, Struct, Scope, Class, Stack and Queue. If you've done programming you'll find the content easy but the assignments and exams can be extremely difficult to solve.Albert Chung isn't the most enthusiastic of professors. So you might find his lectures to be boring. No lecture videos.This course teaches the basics of the programming language C++. There will be many students who have already studied C++ in high school before, and they would definitely raise the mean. Apart from that, the content gets hard and requires a lot of effort and time commitment.The teacher was horrible. Please do not take this course if only Albert Chung is teaching. If Dit Yan Yeung is teaching, please choose him. He is much better and uploads videos of his lectures which are actually meaningful. Professor Chung speaks in a monotonous tone, and sounds very robotic and is very irritating and displeasing when you hear him.As such, the content of the course is quite reasonable and to the point. It is taught using Eclipse, which is an okay IDE, and other than pointers, all the concepts taught are also fairly easy to grasp. However, people who have not not done C++ before have to put in effort, because otherwise the concepts will not be clear. The exams of this course are really testing and cannot be aced unless your concepts are strong.Albert Chung is a good professor, so no complaints. Only issue that I felt is that he is not very enthusiastic, so lazy people may go to sleep in his lectures.Fundamentals of C++ programming. Including loops,logics, recursion, pointers, lists, classes etc.The professor basically is just reading the words in the PowerPoint slides. Attending lectures is meaningless as long as yo got the notes.Exams are difficult but the mean score is still really high. Grades are unknown as it is not given yet.Extremely high. You got 1 lab work to do each week that can't be finished in one lab session. That means you have to do it before hand. Besides, you also got 3 extremely time consuming difficult assignments to do in the semester. Better do it as early as possible so that you could have time to ask help if needed.It 's an advanced course for COMP3311.The Course Content is about the conceptual,logical,physical schema.The content maybe useful if you wanna being a database programmer in the future,

If not,you shouldn 't register this course as well as high workload,there have over 100 pages Notes need to read,and there are no resources help you online.For example,It 's quite difficult to find the practice problems and definition of cascading delete,trap,integration etc online.

And somethings are useless for your future such as distributed database .And I think if you are not being DBA in the future,you could better take other.Also,about 30% of content are blow water and wouldn 't need for your career.Lecturer is good and taught notes clearly.But some of important points could be messed up because of the project 's deadline.

And I don 't know what the tutorial teacher doing even after the last lesson....Honestly, it cannot be said that the content is bad. However, it is also certainly not amazing. There is a lot to be learned, but most of what is learned is also quite useless and not tested. The course covered conceptual modeling, schema integration, calculating costs of replicating databases, data warehouse schemas, navigational schemas, normalization, etc. There is a whole lot of content, and each chapter has ~100 slides, but you can get away with not actually knowing the material that well. One interesting aspect is that a lot of the content, such as navigational schemas, cannot be found through Google, and is not in the textbook. Did the professor make it up or something? I have no clue.Kenneth is quite an enthusiastic teacher, and attempts to construct a bit of class participation by blanking out key words in the slides so that students actually need to attend the class to find out what those words are. He explains concepts pretty well, and uses the whiteboard a bit, which I enjoy. He also gives out in-class exercises as a way of taking attendance during lectures. These are graded for completion.

Oh, and the TA is a joke. By that I mean I have no idea what he says because his English is just awful. His handwriting is not very good and he frequently misspells words in ways that are really funny. However, you still have to sit in the tutorial sections watching him being a funny guy because there is attendance taken in tutorials. During the tutorial, the TA will give you some time to complete a few tutorial problems. He then copies the solution on the whiteboard from the answer key. End of tutorial. Sigh...Important concepts of data mining and big data are covered well. Good introductory course if you are curious in big data (how come diapers and beers are often bought together on a supermarket?) or looking to be a data scientist like me.
Assignments cover both written and programming (1st assignment in c++ while 2nd one in java or c++). Then midterm and final as usual.
The course was more on understanding the concepts than mathematics which I was expecting. You would find more questions using mathematics on the assignments while the exams would have more conceptual questions (like predicting how the result would look like given this input and this technique then explaining why).Lectures are okay. Sometimes he tries to make jokes and when I get it I laugh (when I don't get it I just smile). But when he goes really technical, it could be rather boring. Sometimes he tries to show live demos of the materials over websites but mostly fails because the demo is using Java Applet. The lecture desktop does not allow it to run.
One time he was demoing a concept by googling his name. Somehow he stumbled to a website containing reviews about his teachings. He was surprised and spent a minute reading the review in front of the class. That was the best lecture session of this course in my opinion.The content includes different techniques of machine learning e.g. classification, clustering, decision tree, etc. Quite useful and funny if you are interested in machine learning.This teacher don't know how to teach, there are less than 20 students will attend his lecture. He could not project his voice, and his lecture is very boring.The content is not the big problem of this course as it has already covered the necessary knowledge about data mining. However, the notes did not offered detailed example for the data mining algorithm and calculations which requires students to keep learning by themselves.

Topics:
Data Preprocessing
Classification
Decision Tree
Bayesian Classification
Nearest-Neighbor Classification
Rule-Based Classification
Neural Networks
Support Vector Machines
Ensemble Methods
Clustering
k-means clustering
Hierarchical Clustering
Density-Based Clustering
Finite Mixture Model
Association Analysis
Apriori Algorithm
FP-Growth Algorithm
Social Network MiningThe professor did not explain anything during the lecture class by just reading the lecture notes word by word. I felt very disappointing with his attitude during teaching. He also change the grading rubrics suddenly before the examination and change back to original again by just less than 24 hours which is very frustrated for me.
The tutorial session is much more useful then the lecture session and the instructor is helpful.Deals with basic concepts of data mining:
- Decision Trees, Information Gain, Gain Ratio,
- SVM, Artificial Neural Network
- ...

This course is exclusive with COMP4212 Machine Learning course and course materials overlap but this course is less focused on math. It is also a required course for RMBI and so less programming as well.He is an engaging professor and he tries to make sure that you understand the concept before moving on. Classes can be slow if no one answers his questions.
He is quite good at explaining concepts in easy terms and examples.The covered topics of this course are crucial for all environmental engineers. It's essentially advanced separation with environmental aspects. Prior knowledge of separation would be helpful but not necessary. However, the lecture notes are LITERALLY ripped off from the 1998 version of the reference textbook. So if you can get that, forget the lecture notes.I can't seem to say just how shitty this professor is. He basically just reads of the lecture notes and derives equations throughout the whole class. He doesn't teach a single damn thing. You'd learn just as much by studying alone with his lecture notes.

Sadly he's sort of non-replaceable in the department due to his reputation of having lots of research publications. Just pray some new professor gets assigned to teach this class.Incineration
Adsorption
Absorption
BOD COD
Thermal method
Supercritical fluidIf you attend his lesson, you can learn its flow easily
He will talk a lot and u can jot down notes.
One bad thing is that he doesn't provide the given eqt in final exam. It only gives in mt exam.(A brief summary of topics below)
Assessed in mid-term:
Atomic and crystal structures: Atomic structure and bonding, bcc/fcc/hcp structures, lattices, X-ray diffraction, solid solutions, types of defects
Diffusion: Process and rate of solid state diffusion
Mechanical Properties: Stress and strain, strength, ductility, toughness, hardness, Poisson’s ratio, Griffith crack model, deformations, creep
Thermal behavior: Heat capacity, thermal expansion, thermal conductivity, thermal shock
Assessed in final exam:
Phase diagrams: Phases, degree of freedom, microstructures, types of binary phase diagrams, Lever Rule
Heat treatment: Solidification, TTT diagrams, isothermal and martensitic transformation, heat treatment processes(e.g. tempering, age hardening)
Structure materials: Classification, uses, structure and properties of metals, ceramics, polymers and composites
Electronic Materials: Basic concept in electricity, valence and conduction bands, Fermi function, semi-conductors(n-type and p-type)

There are also two 'guest lectures': Prof. Sun and Prof. Luo from CENG department talked about biomaterials and nanomaterials respectively. They are less interesting and also won't be assessed in exams.

As a year 1 science student who registered this course as a common core, I think that some content of this course is too technical for a common core, emphasizing on some skills that we will barely use in daily life(except for chemical engineers). I also need some time to digest the new concepts in this course as a science student, but they are actually not very hard to understand. It is also strongly advised to have DSE-level Chemistry and Physics background before enrolling in this course. If you a looking for a s&t common core course maybe you should consider other courses first.

The contents are perfectly fine for a CENG required course.Prof. Shao is a responsible professor who can elaborate concepts clearly and are willing to answer student's questions. His English is sharp but plain, so it is somewhat easy to fall asleep in class, but when I watched the lecture videos I realized that he can explain things quite well. He will also demonstrate example questions in the lesson.

His lecture notes are simplified as much as possible, only containing the key points and some key examples to questions. Thus, you need to attend the lessons or watch the lecture videos in order to fully understand the contents, rather than just self-studying with notes.Lecture Content not too much.
Mainly focus on interpret the solid-liquid phase diagram.

L1 Introduction to materials science and engineering
L2 atomic structure and bonding
L3 Crystal Structure
L4 Lattice position plane
L5 XRD
L6 Crystal Defects
L7 Diffusion
L8 Mechanical properties
L9 Mechanical properties of ceramics and polymers
L10 Thermal behavior
L11-13 Phase Diagram
L14-15 Heat Treatment
L16 Metal
L17 Polymers and composits
L18 Electronic material, metal, superconductor
L19 Electron material, semiconductor and insulator

Every note has just ~20 - 30 pages (with many photos)The professor teach with heart.
But his pronunciation is not very good.Content is easily understandable and it is interesting never learned about materials science before.Honestly no need of attending the class since the professor just reads the slides plus the lecture is recorded and can be watched on canvas. Professor's lecture note is somewhat useful and enough to prepare fore exams.Topics talk about some basic chemistry, petroleum, soaps and detergents, plastics, oils and fats, natural products, product design, energy, food, sustainability. Seems like lots of stuff but just remembering the keywords is fine. You have to do some calculations about mass balance and thermodynamics.Professor NG is nice. He is experienced and helpful. He likes people asking questions and interacting with him.1. Material balance
2. Energy balance
3. KineticsThe professor is very nice and helpful. He gave a lot of useful suggestions to our group project.Very good.
Final exam below mean, still got a B.1-2 assignments per week, some are calculation homework and some just need you to search the answers on the Internet. At first, you might find the calculation parts difficult when you are doing the assignments but you will think they are easy once the professor explains everything to you after you submit the assignments.
Project is quite easy to do. Probably I had good group mates.The course consists of 3 modules:
1) Material Balance
2) Energy
3) Pharmaceuticals

The content is designed to provide the students with an overall view of what chemical engineering is like.Prof. Henry is really good and teaches passionately. The lecture slides a consist of interesting facts and historical details. He clears doubts really well and does not hesitate to repeat any concept if the class has not understood it well. He possesses in depth knowledge of the subject.Most of the content is useful and worth to become a chemical engineer. The course is divided into 3 major sections. Each section requires one quiz. The content is consist of stoichiometry, thermodynamics, and pharmaceuticals. Most of content are easy enough to follow, but sometimes, you might need to review more time to sufficiently understand the concepts.The professor Henry is so passionate and enthusiastic. When you are in his class you will feel his passion and teaching mechanisms. Sometimes, you may feel that he is so smart that you cannot understand, but once you understand the concept you will notice he is a good professor.The content is divided into 3 main topics- food, energy and kinetics. It is well-designed and just right for the length of the semester. All the content is pretty straightforward and whatever is needed is given in the lecture notes which are available in canvas. There is no need of the book.
Moreover, the professor will invite quite a lot of guest speakers including other professors, alumni and his old friends or colleagues and the content in their lectures will also be tested upon in the final exam. There is also a group project on which you'll work on for 6 weeks. The concepts covered in the winning teams' projects will also be included in the exams. More often than not, he will even bring in slight historical facts and events related to the topic which I'd find pretty interesting.Professor Lam is excellent! He has good knowledge of whatever he is teaching and about teaching itself. He is very much approachable and answers all our questions. Before the final exams, he will hold review classes where he gives good tips which actually come in handy to prepare yourself for the finals. During the group project planning, he plays an active role in understanding how each individual group is progressing and is very enthusiastic to help.Acceptable(if you attend all classes and do all the hw yourself)very interactive and Henry is very considerate. Best Prof. ever. He is really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really a nice guyTopics talk about some basic chemistry, petroleum, soaps and detergents, plastics, oils and fats, natural products, product design, energy, food, sustainability. Seems like lots of stuff but just remembering the keywords is fine. You have to do some calculations about mass balance and thermodynamics.Professor NG is nice. He is experienced and helpful. He likes people asking questions and interacting with him.super easy
no much thing to memorize
about industrial chemistry process
students who studied chemistry and math should have no difficutlies in stuying this course.
but the part talking about the medical injection is quite hard to understand.
some calculation may include the  concept of differetiation and integration. students who dun have clear concept of them may not understand very well, but it is ok to not understand ( by instructor ), as lobg as you remember how to use the equation provided in the noteshenry is a good teacher who can answer everything u askMaterial Balance: similar to the mole calculation in DSE chemistry, but in a more systematic way, practice make perfect , you will find that u cannot get the right answers even though u have done the same question twice, don't be sad just practice more

Energy Balance: Advanced studying on enthalpy, first law of thermodynamic in open system, require tons of time to digest and understand if u are really passionate in chemistry. However, exam is just exam(open book), its totally fine u just print out the formula  and handle the easy questions without understanding .

Pharma-Kinetics : the most interesting part in the course, talk about drugs and biology. I spend many time to digest the content but it turns out that exam is just an exam again, no need to understand, just use the formula or understand the mathematics part is okay.Very Good, Henry is nice and teaches with heart , best professor i have seen in my first sem in UST

but i skip lessons as always

btw many Korean engineering girls <3An introductory course for CBE

Topics include :
0. History of chemical engineering
1.Food industry and material balance
2.Energy industry and energy balance
3.Pharmaceutical industry and drug delivery

The materials covered can give me an overview of today's chemical engineering industry,  and the reasons why chemical engineering is attractive.The professor is nice and patient, he is willing to answer students' question in detail.Also, he gave a lot of suggestions to our group project.
However, the symbols used in his notes are quite confusing.A very insightful introduction to the large field of Chemical Engineering. The content covers 3 units:
1) Material Balance
2) Energy Balance
3) Pharma-Kinetics
Each unit begins with a historical introduction of the field including formulas, scientists and practical applications. This is followed by sample calculations and finally a homework assignment that is slightly similar yet more difficult then what is discussed in class. There are also PG or alumni sharing sessions that dwell more into the application of the knowledge that is taught in class.

There are also quizzes at the end of every module's completion which is very similar to homework questions.

The group project is a big part as well which allows students to chose a topic of their choice from the allowed list and form a real life application while presenting in a 15 min video. Winners of the group project get to present their topics and earn up to 5% extra grade

The final exam(30% MCQs, 70% Long Questions) covers all units including the slides containing general and historical information as well as PG, Alumni sharing. Even questions about the winning group projects can come. The exam is open book, open notes.

The content can quite easily be kept in track with however requires hours of workProf.Henry is a very liberal and demonstrative instructor in the classroom and is even more helpful outside; always taking calls and replying to emails.

The level of difficulty of the final exam however cannot be justified by the teaching style and course content covered in the classroom because of the very sudden rise in difficulty that is quite clearly seen. The professor should aim to provide more difficult questions in class or less difficult ones in the final3 topics including Material Balance,Energy Balance and Pharmaceuticals,mainly about calculation and no need to recite since all quiz and exam is open book.He teach us with heart,he will invite guests to have guests lecture and let us know what a chemical engineer does in the reality.He will remember our name and he is really a good teacher.similar to highschool chemistry with some new concepts
split into 3 modules,
1. food
2.energy
3.pharmaceuticalsProfessor lam is very friendly and explains concepts clearly.
However, some calculations are not explained in detail and he goes over the steps very quickly.
He also pays attention to class participation so being active in class is helpful.The course has around 20 powerpoint files and mainly about physics calculation and very few chemistry background is needed. The content is fairly simple and straight forward, not many deep concepts are needed to be cleared. However, some hidden information is needed to pay attention and spell as the professor will taken those words in the powerpoint slides into the exam.The professor is a Hong Kong person and very care about what the students learnt in the lecture. The professor is very caring as well and very willing to share his experience with the students.A lot to remember, quite difficult,
chemistry background and a little bit physics knowledge can help A LITTLE
little calculation (not easy as well)
prof will give you a proj title and you will do market research and so as the product designProf Ng is very kind
He is passionate
since it is a 9am lesson so i dont really go to class
it is not a problem as prof ng mainly read the pptI took this course 3 years ago and I still remember some of the contents. This course:
1. Introduces what is Chemical Engineering and what Chemical Engineers do.
2. Introduces major principles of Chemical Engineering like material and energy balance, major unit operations like reaction and separation.
3. Incorporates economic consideration and analysis related to chemical production and plant design.
4. Explores major streams of Chemical Engineering including Food processing, Environmental engineering and Material science.Prof NG taught well. He displayed a professional image when telling students about Chemical Engineering, thanks to years of his industry experience. He did not rush in lectures and yet did not go into too much detail of each concept.Great introduction to Chemical Engineering, the content in the course is pretty straight forward.good teaching by Prof. Lam, he would survey students about the pace and quality of teaching in the middle of the course, and fit the needs of his students that semester.the course is divided into 3 parts
1. material balance
2. energy balance
3. pharmaceutical
and a lot of guest lectures by other professors or past students that graduated from chemical engineering to share about their occupationsBoth professors are very nice
they will upload all the powerpoints, notes, past paper and extra exercise on canvas
they will do some examples during lectures which make the concepts easier to understandEasy to understand content. There are various guest lecturers throughout the semester that give you an understanding on what chemical engineering truly is. The exam may include various facts or information on the aforementioned lectures. One thing I didn't quite like about the exam was the fact that it included trivial facts about the guest lectures or guest lecturers.Professor Lam (he prefers to be called Henry) makes the course interesting.Not so easy, but somehow a little hard for everyone. It needs some time to get used to the complicated calculations, especially in the second-half of the course, while it's very easy at the beginning :(.Very very very very GOOD!!!!
I like Henry so much!!!!
He teaches so well!!!!
Almost everyone go for the class with attendance only counted for 5%.
Also he will ask for advice and suggestions to make this course better.quite interesting, many guest lecturesteaching is split into two parts, first part by henry and second part by ying chau. they both are very clear about the content. although ying chau's handwriting is a bit messy and difficult to follow.The courses will be carried out half by Henry and half by Ying CHAU.

The content include something important about the reality of chemical engineering, something about methods in chemical engineering and some calculation examples.

Actually the content is interesting and the instructor are trying to use a interesting way to let all students understand all the principles in chemical engineering.

However, Henry likes to release the PPT after every lecture. Be careful of this, which means you have few ways to preview before the lecture.

Meanwhile, project is also an important part of this course. 125 people will be divided into 25 groups. And you can choose to be in a group that have you friends included. Henry will give you 6 different topic and every group can choose the topic freely.

And tutorial in every week will give you chance to have a group meeting discuss about the final project. There will be a leader to collect what you've discussed in every group meeting.The teaching speed is proper I think, and the content is not so hard to understand and operate. The Instructor will give you some surveys to let you give them feedbacks about the whole courses, including teaching speed, teaching methods, contents and what you want to say to the instructors. Actually, they are real humble and attempting to make it better for every student.Suffers from the issue of teaching only the trivial, surface level aspects of the course, and not going in depth to the more interesting parts. Not as bad as the other introduction courses though.Teacher is pretty chill. His English is fine, and the lectures are interesting, given the relatively poor content. There's also a tutorial session if you really do need it.Introduce what is Chemical Engineering.
This course talks from basics of Chemistry, to the chemical and physical principles of factories. It also discusses about sustainability issues.
Quite an interesting thing if you wish to choose CENG, CBME, CEEV as your future major.Not too much people will listen to the lecturer, and there will be 9 videos at the first session, it covers a lot about basic chemistry and chemistry which you have learned in DSE. It is better for you to choose this course with fundamental chemistry knowledge so that you will have less difficulties.
Beware: Some of the questions he discussed will be in mid term or final exam, so better listen although his tone is quite boring, so  not recommended to skip lessons.Interesting content, based on energy, drug delivery and heat transfer.In the case of Henry, he is known for his good teaching skill.The grading is fairly easy. If you finish all the assignments and put an effort on the group project, it is easy for you to get a good grade. Although the final exam is a bit difficult, it is difficult for the majority that there should be no worry.It has a pretty high workload. There are small assignments every week, although these take around 10 minute, it can be a hassle. Also, the group project can consume some time.The contents of the course are really interesting and actually pretty easy only if you understand. No to little science knowledge is needed for this course.
There are 3 main topics : Material Balance, Energy Balance, and Kinetics.His english is good and really understandable. He's really kind and friendly (?). But anyhow i find his teaching hard to understand sometimes. I think it would be better to read the lecture notes beforehand.3 Modules:
1. Material Balances
Atom balance, component balance
2. Energy Balances
First law of thermodynamics (closed, open system)
3. Kinetics
Rate equation,enzyme kinetics
(need to set up differential equation but no need to solve)

Guest lectureThermodynamics as the topic suggests, the most essential knowledge for chemical engineers!Among all the chemical engineering courses I have taken in ust, I would say this one has the best teaching. Henry would really explain hard concepts in a vivid way and make sure you understand the material very well.It is "chemical engineering" Thermodynamics.
This subject is basically about heat and energy in transferring.
it involves many equations, even though exams are open book exams, you will feel it difficult.Prof Henry is good at teaching. He gives you lectures on HKUST Canvas. The quizzes are based on the lectures. In class, you do your homework and can ask questions to TAs and Profs. He will notice if you do not attend to classes.for chemical engineering students
20 quizzes, each every class
6 homeworks, need to be typed and submitted thru turnitin
mid term exam
final exam
5% participation marksProf Henry is a very good teacher, also a very encouraging one. He recognizes most of his students..may be a good thing for you if you are doing fine as a student, or could be a bad thing if you skip classes a lot).Eight topics:
1. Introduction
2. Conversion and sizing problem
3. Rate Laws and Stoichiometry
4. Collection and Analysis of Data
5. Isothermal Reactor Design
6. Multiple Reactions
7. Bioreactions and Bioreactors
8. Catalysis and Catalytic ReactorsMarshal is very nice and willing to answer the students' questions
He explains the teaching content clearly and encourages students to deepen our understanding for the topics taught in the course1. Introduction and mole balance
2. Conversion and reactor sizing
3. Rate law and stoichiometry
4. Analysis of rate
5. Isothermal reactor
6. Multiple reactions
7. Bioreaction and bioreactors
8. Catalyst and catalysis reactorMaybe the class is not very interesting, but Marshal is a good professor. Some people may have problems with understanding his accent. Nevertheless, he has the knowledge and if you approach him, he will explain everything to you.The courses uses one textbooks for 3 main topics
-Process Flow Calculations (Material Balance)
-Separation Technologies and Calculations
-Energy Flow Calculations

The number of topics covered are definitely very manageable, yet content within topics goes quite deep and sometimes you might have to read the same question again and again to understand the algorithm of the solution.Richard:
Pros:
-Explain course content in really fine details no matter in lecture, tutorials or after class
-Very passionate and nice (It is very pleasant to hear he says " You guys deserve a nice weekend after such hard work" every Friday evening class, it is really warming to hear such words.)
-Exam paper based on what he taught (You know some of the professors dont)

Cons:
-Really bad handwriting
-Dutch accent is a problem for some of my classmates
-He developed his own way to set variables in his lecture powerpoint which is not following what the textbook is using. So, you might need to ask a bit about the things he write in classContent covers material balance and energy balance. The course is a bit harder than CENG1000 but if you have done well in CENG1000 this course should be relatively easy. Just need to do practices.Richard is really nice, always willing to answer questions - in class or even by emails. He has a bit of an accent though.There are only 6 topics, but some may require efforts to achieve a good grade. Topics are:
1. Introduction, Generation-Consumption Analysis, simplified economics
2. Process Variables & Representations
3. Process Flow Calculations
4. Synthesis of Reactor Flow Sheets and Selection of Reactor Process Conditions
5. Separation Technologies
6. Process Energy Calculations

I would like to say... take CENG1000 first before taking this course!! 1000 helps you develop skills for doing material & energy balance problems.

Another warning is that... don't skip any lessons. Richard is a good prof and he would explain the slides clearly. You can actually try to do self-study instead, but u may feel confused looking at those variables.As mentioned, Richard's teaching is good in terms of the clearness and pace. Although accents would annoy you a little bit, he is still nice in explaining the steps.Basic chemical engineering principles. Starts out with mass balances, extent of reaction, process flow problems, synthesis problems, separation technologies, and finally process energy calculations.

None of it is too difficult if you go to class or study on your own. There is a textbook (Introduction to Chemical Processes by R.M. Murphy) but he doesn't require you to read it.He's very nice and really tries to help you understand any questions you may have. However he is a little boring to listen to in class. He also has a accent being from the Netherlands, but it's not too bad.The course has three modules. Material Balance, Energy balance, and profitability analysis. For the first two, it is quite similar to that in ceng 1000, so it's better to enroll together with ceng 1000, or simply finish ceng 1000 before study this course. These two topics are easy to understand but also easy to conduct careless mistakes in calculation. For profitability analysis, it involves quite a number of business terms, so it's abstract to thoroughly understand them, but you don't need to do so as the exam is very straight forward, only based on formulas in this topic.Richard is a very nice and considerate professor who will answer every question after class. You could feel free to ask him question if you need. Richard' class is not extremely interesting as most of the course is knowledge oriented, not for cultivating interest. However, his lesson is definitely not boring because he organizes and prepares the lectures well.Syllabus:
Process principles:
process variables and diagrams 10%
material balance 30%
reactor flow sheets and selection of conditions 10%
energy balance 20%

Engineering economics:
costing 15%
project economic evaluation 15%Richard is a very good teacher, he explains everything properly and doesn't create unnecessary tension in the class; you can always ask him for help. Generally, absolute chill.A compulsory course of CBME students.  
The course separate into two parts, and there are two professor in charge of different parts.  Richard mentioned about something like material balance and energy balance.  Richard's part hold around 2 months.  
The second part is about engineering economics, which was taught by Marshal.  You need to understand the theory of engineering economics well.   (Most importantly!! Don't skip Marshal class...)Well... The tone of both professor is not really so good...
Richard has strong Netherlands tone and Marshal has his own special tone.  (It is quite difficult to understand what Marshal really speak)
On the other hand, both professors have strong passion on their teaching.  They provide good examples for us to learn the topics well.  (Richard may give us some difficult out syllabus example but it is still fine)Content is useful to increase your general knowledge because it is a common core course. The course covers air, water, land pollution, materials balance and environmental chemistry. No previous knowledge is needed, but pay attention to the lecture notes.Frank is very nice, but lecture is very boring. You don't need to go into any lecture you can just study by reading all the lecture notes in canvas.1. Environmental chemistry
2. Material balance
3. Air pollution
4. (Waste)Water treatment
5. Solid waste treatmentthe professor is fun, quite funny, but his notes are boring as well as his teaching, you are allowed to use 1 A4 paper for cheatsheetHomework assignment 10%
Mid-term exam 20%
Group project and oral presentation 30%
Final exam 40%

Homeworks are quite easy if you listened, because all the answers are basically in the notes, and sometimes he could give the solutions if the whole class don't understand the question.

I got an A-, mid term exam Mean + almost 1 SD, he didn't announce the score for group project and final.Workload is quite a lot, there are an estimate of 18-19 lecture notes.

20 pages for report and 20 minutes of presentation.1. Environmental chemistry
2. Material balance
3. Air pollution
4. (Waste)Water treatment
5. Solid waste treatment
Although the course have no pre-requisite, it require a lot of knowledge on chemistry and it would be a tough time if you have no chemistry background.Frank is nice but his lecture is boring.Upon the completion of this subject, students will be able to
1. demonstrate a thorough understanding of the fundamental knowledge of economic analysis for chemical industry;
2. make meaningful estimates on various economic aspects such as the capital investment, product cost, depreciation and profitability of an existing or new chemical process or project;
3. be aware of the importance of environment/health issues in chemical industry;
4. know process safety management program, and exposure limits, fire and explosion, and pressure relief system.
5. understand Hazards Identification, Risk Analysis, and HAZOP
6. be familiar with project management in chemical industryInteresting method of teaching
Actively challenges students to speak out
Rewards students who do well on their quizzes with prizes
Attempts to teach topics relevant to real life cases
Invites notable alumni to give talks during class time1. Introduction of Bio-processing
Overview of Bioproducts and biotechnology
Review of microbiology + genetic engineering
Bioenergetics

2. Bioreactor Design
Microbial Kinetics
Bioreactors [Batch, Fed Batch and CSTR]

3. Bio-separation [Downstream processing]
Introduction [selection and design]
Membrane-based separation
Sedimentation and Centrifugation
Liquid Chromatography
Drying and FormulationProfessor is nice and always talk jokes and his past experiences in university during the lectureSchedule
Week 1 Introduction and Basic Concepts
Week 2 Properties of Fluids
Week 3 Pressure and Statics of Fluids
Week 4 Fluid Kinematics
Week 5 Fluid Kinematics and Reynolds Transport Theorem
Week 6 Mass and Energy Conservation
Week 7 Bernoulli Equation; Linear and Angular Momentum Equation
Week 8 Review+ Mid-Term
Week 9 Dimensional Analysis and Modeling
Week 10 Experimental Testing and Similarity
Week 11 Internal Flows
Week 12 Internal Flows(2)
Week 13 Applications to Chemical Engineering, Turbomachinery etc.Good and nice Prof. However, the content was quite difficult.

One of the TAs is so nice, you can always reach him through email and find him during office hr if u have questions.The content of his lecture is not that related to his homework and tutorial. Do not expect too much for this course. It's very physics. Personally I felt it boring. All about derivation of equations and practice of equations.

Normally in the US, fluid mechanics will be put in year 3. But somehow HKUST students need to take it in year 2. The content requires a lot of background knowledge.The prof tried very hard to arouse students' interest, but the content was too hard and boring. He would try to remember each face, and he remembered that I stopped going to classes after midterm lol.cant remember the content clearly.He is a really nice teacher. He uploaded some hand written notes for us. Those notes helped to get clear concept of the topics. Tutorial is pretty important as he taught and explained some questions from textbook. You will get a brief understanding how to solve the questions from the example.Basic concepts:
1. Properties of Fluids

Fluid statics:
1. Pressure and statics of fluids

Fluid dynamics and kinematics:
1. Fluid kinematics (need some maths)
2. Mass and energy conversation, Bernoulli equation
3. Momentum balance (linear and augular)

Applications:
1. Dimensional analysis
2. Internal flow1. Food Chemistry
2. Food processing (ambient temp, thermal ,heat removal)
3. Food additive, microbiology, safety and regulation
4. Advanced food technologyHe is nice and willing to answer the questions to student.
In the lecture, he gives some issue related to this course and ask the student to think about the issues.
The discussion may be tested in the quiz!!!It is undeniable that this course is full of various sorts of useful content. The course mainly focus on how to take good advantage of Biotechnology for an eye to make great fortune. In spite of the fact that quite a few of the course contents are simply skim through some basic biology knowledge. It seems to me that the experience of learning is rather fruitful and improve your skill of considering on how to cheat people by selling your words, then your products, eventually your brand and mind.
The most unforgettable remarks put by Professor is that, "You guys should know that. Even though developing and producing vaccine could help a lot of people throughout the world, it will definitely not make you a billionaire due to the price restriction policy enacted by the government and the pressure of Nonprofit Organization."
After the course, you will be disappointed if you hope to learn much about Biotechnology, but actually you are capable to distinguish from simply doing Biotechnology and doing Biotechnology for Business. That's what I learned.The Professor's accent is cute and acceptable for understanding. It is hard to fall asleep in class only if you stayed up all night yesterday.Mostly Biotech Stuff (I found it quite difficult given my bio background in high school) despite being rather difficult for a non-science student, I have really learnt a lot more on different biotech developments and found it quite interesting.

Very little business content (mainly on patents, fundings, exit strategies) Very easy to understand.Professor has an accent that may be quite hard to understand at first, but the more you listen to him you will get used to his accent and it will be acceptable. He tried to explain really simple biology concepts at first since he assumed more than half of the class don't have biology background, but after a few classes started to speed up and I didn't understand what he was saying and had to watch lecture videos again to understand. But he and his TAs provide a lot of assistance after class and are very willing to help.The content is quite broad. It covers many biotechnological applications and the theories behind the applications. It also covers the parts related to business, like capturing funds. Year 1-2 students might find it hard to understand all the topics in a short time.The lecturer tried to explain the concepts in a clear and fun way, but it didnt turn out to be like that during lectures. However, he and also the TA were very helpful.The content is not hard. What you need to know will all be in the lecture powerpoint but there is a lot of information you have to remember for exam.
Lecture videos are provided ,but very lately.

The exam questions are not so difficult if you study hard and remember all the stuff. There will be long questions and they are basically the same with the assignments.

Answers of the assignments, however take quite a moment to be searched on internet.Really boring and quite hard to understand what Sun Fei said.
Better watch lecture videos.The whole course is mostly about biotechnology, just little business, so if you haven't studied biology in your high school, please do not take this course or you will feel like an illiterate in the class. P.S. I haven't studied biology in high school, I have no freaking idea what is ATGC even, I literally dun understand a thing and I needa do some research in class immediately or after class if I have time. The course will teach you all the biotech knowledge you need in your life if you are a business student, trust me. So if you are not really interested in biotechnology, do not take this course, or it will make you feel like an idiot.The professor is very nice, he always answers students' question after class. His accent may be a little bit hard to hear sometimes since he mispronounces some words. However, 80% of the things he said in class are not included in the powerpoint so if you dun understand biology, you will have a hard time, like a really hard time. No worries though, most of the extra stuffs he said are not tested so if you just want good grade, you can still consider this class.
But in general, he is a good professor I will say.It is an interesting course and helpful course if you wish to have more knowledge on the bio-technology and its trending now. But it could turn out to be pretty hard to follow for someone who major in business and have little knowledge on biology. Don't let the name fool you, it's CENG at the end of the day.Brilliant professor. He makes biotech easy to understand. Pretty strong Chinese accent but understandable.More about how the technology is carried out and less emphasis on the business opportunity part. That is why I'm disappointed at first. Just talked about how much money the company earned and sometimes give reasons for the success or failure of that case. Talked about patent near the end of the semester and that is all about the business opportunity part. Final emphasize on the biotech part too.At first, I found the accent of the prof hard to understand and often fall asleep midway through the class. But eventually get used to it. His powerpoint usually just contains the key points and pictures about the topic and he would explain a lot more in class. He is willing to answer our questions after class.Content covers mainly about biotechnology in the drug industry. Some of the topics include genome engineering, drug delivery, vaccines, etc. There are a lot of biological terms, so perhaps having a strong background in biology will be an advantage. I don't recommend this course for someone who is taking this for the sake of fulfilling common core, though.Sometimes, it was hard for me to understand what the professor was saying because of his thick accent. He sometimes popped up questions to students, but only few student responded usually.In Spring for CIVL 2020, we learnt about surveying and a bit of AutoCAD.The professor is entertaining and loves what he teaches. He often makes jokes although in Chinese. The online videos fro AutoCAD tutorials were also very good because it handled common errors rather than just saying the code.Influence line + indeterminate structure analysis
There are different methods for the analysis, you need to remember all for the exam.
If you interested in structural course like 2120,2110, then 3310 definitely suits you.Good instructor.
You could ask any question to him, he is really helpful and nice.
But don't talk and do anything not relate to course, he requires everyone to focus on the lecture.

Also, the TAs could help you a lot if you get any problem in the lecture material and report.

You need to watch lecture video before class, there is just 1.5 hour lecture a week and no tutorial session.All the content anticipated to solve determinate and indeterminate structures are covered. More emphasis is put on some parts than others based on difficulty.Prof. is very passionate and I particularly like that he makes up the problems himself and doesn't just copy them from the textbook. I like that provides shortcuts and tricks to approaching and solving problems quickly where necessary.Basically, this course was divided into two parts, determinate structure analysis and indeterminate structure analysis.
Analysis of determinate structures: Centre of rotation, stability, influence line, finding the deflection by conjugate beam method and virtual work method.
Analysis of indeterminate structures: Force method, slope-deflection method and moment distribution method.Prof. Lambros taguht the materials in details. He gave a lot of example in class. Moreover, the makeup-classes in the study break and before the final exam were very important. He gave a lot of tips and the outline of the exam paper.Structural forms and modeling, statically determinate structures, statically indeterminate structures, force and displacement methods, deflections of structures, influence lines, approximate analysis, energy methods.CCC is the coordinator of the common core. He used blended learning in this course. His teaching is clear and more concept-based. He is very nice and willing to answer your question.Review of Statics
Structure Free-Body Diagram
Stress Analysis
Normal Stress
Shearing Stress
Bearing Stress in Connections
Stress Analysis & Design Example
Stress in Two Force Members
Stress on an Oblique Plane
Maximum StressesThe content involves advance knowledge of Civl2110, like the bending moment diagram. The notes contain very detail with examples, solutions and detail explanation. The content is quite difficult and complicated so you will easily be lost during the lessons. The notes in the examples are quite important for your understanding of the content.His teaching is quite clear. The prof is willing to explain to you if you have questions. But mostly I have to revise the notes again and again to understand the content as it is complicated.As this is material course the content and concept of this course is relatively difficult and complicated . As material development is so fast therefore,prof only want us to understand the basic principle of material .

Prof organize the course very well you may get confuse at the beginning but later you will find out that the content are well linked

Course Topic  :
Mechanical behaviour of materials
Steel
Wood
Concrete :
aggregate
water
workability consistency and cohesiveness,
CRM: pfa, ggba and csf
creep and shrinkage strain
Polymer and polymeric composites:
Pavement materialsthe content is quite useful tbh. however, the course covers too much. this gives impression to students that all material are irrelevantnot bad, but also not that good
the professor always teach really tough stuff, however , most of those will not be tested in the final exam. except for those he specifylarge B range
open book, note for exam, prepare to print tons of materialsoverall light workload, 2 to 3 hw. lab are 9 ppl for a group so the workload for lab is relatively very small
2 to 3 in class quiz, for attendance onlyBig history (I recommend learning through crash course), sustainability (conceptual), and climate change (some stats occupying 1/30 of the slides). But all the ideas are closely linked so if there is enough time try to read everything and say attention in class to get a concrete and clear picture of the whole message Alexis is trying to deliver.Alexis is famous for his long-winded lectures lol, I wouldn't doubt his ability to lengthen a 1-hour lecture into 3 without having a break. And he is dragged away and distracted a lot of the times so don't expect some intense lectures.It is interesting to learn about the origin story of the universe.Youtube videos teach better than the prof.Grading system isn't transparent and you won't know the marks of your assignments, term paper or midterm even at the end of the semester.Students have to hand in 3 3-page assignments to explain the relations among big history concept,  sustainability and climate change. The topics are similar, though the prof disagrees. Some of my classmates simply rephrased what they had written in previous assignments.
The most demanding task would be the group project. A poster, a 10-page term paper and a video explaining the concept of the poster are needed. However, as long as you have a clear idea, that won't be a big problem.The whole course is about Big History and all the lectures basically explains the same idea, things are always changing and it is human who needs to be saved, not the planet as the Earth have so many years prior to human's existence.

The difference lectures gives further details with different examples, like the Big Bang, evolution of organisms, the rise of civilization etc.

If you are looking for concrete concepts and knowledge, then this class may not be very suitable for you but it is still nice to learn about different facts about the Earth and human beings.

There are 3 group discussions followed by short responses, 1 10-pages essay and 1 poster & video group project throughout the whole course. He would usually look for answers that are more like a liberal studies answer than answers with facts and numbers.

Also there is no final exam for the course, so the mid-term exam and the assignments are very important.It is quite hard to concentrate during the class (maybe it's because it's a 9am lecture), but Alexis would upload lecture videos to Canvas regularly so it is ok miss some lessons.

Alexis is quite friendly to the students after class but during class he had little to no effort in making the class more interesting.The course tries to introduce big history which is an emerging academic discipline, and later try to explain and understand climate change under the big history perspective.
Big History is basically a subject trying to combine efforts from different disciplines so to provide a multidisciplinary view of the issue. It covers major changing events since big bang till now like star formation, solar system formation, first life on Earth, etc...
With so much in the past, the course aims at allowing students to see the bigger picture of an issue (climate change) using the big history perspective.
Some of the course content is to some extent interesting to know about, for example, Alexis mentioned 99.9% of the species had gone extinct in the course of history and normally a specie live for around a million years. It's something you can search online to learn about but normally you won't.Alexis is not a particularly good teacher because his teaching is really boring + it is a 9 a.m class this semester. Normally there will be less than 30 students in class out of the total of 94 of them. He is somewhat passionate in teaching and he is quite nice to students who raise a question, though you might not get the answer you expected.This course mainly divides into two parts, Big History and climate change.

When you look at course title you thought it is about climate change, however, half of the course is about big history which is the formation and evolution of earth.

Then it covers IPCC report. More on the figures of the effects on climate change. And not too much on the solutions. There is only like two to three lectures on that.

Alexis also invited some guest speaker for the course.Alexis played so many videos in the lectures and the video are indeed so boring. Half of the class fall asleep and do other stuffs.

Some lectures you can jot down lots of things but some you cannot jot any.Build an airship with everything done by yourselves with the given budget. Nearly no electronics experience, some programming with android studio and most about the structure of the airship.
Including a presentation, a quiz and two competitions.STAs help you. Some knowledge was taught but they are less important than hand-on experiences.Although the course is a 2000 course, it doesn’t like other 2000 courses, in which some related knowledge and experiences are required/ expected.

Basically, the course is a group project, in which you have to build an Airship that uses helium balloons and propellers for lift and propulsion, and is controlled remotely using an Android device. At the beginning, you will be assigned to a group of 4-5. Then, you will learn some fundamental knowledge of electronics and programming, so as to build and control the Airship. In the Final Demonstration, you will need to perform tasks like traveling past an obstacle, landing on the center of the target.

As I mentioned before, this is an introductory course. Therefore, all the knowledge required will be covered in the Lectures.Each group will be assigned a TA. Both the professor and TAs are very nice and willing to help you.Quite mediocre however, the professor makes a strong effort to keep things interesting.You can get bored easily however, luckily, there is no quiz so there isnt that much of a need to pay close attention. You can work side by side on your laptops while listening to him and there will not be a problem.Content was about engineering challenges, especially in personalized learning and renewable energy. Your challenges may not be the same ones. The class is structured in group projects/papers and presentations, there are no exams.Lectures some days, but the professor tries to let you work in groups with the TAs for the majority of class meetings.Learn about grand challenges, sustainability, MOOCs.The material in lectures is not essential to the project but may be helpful for students that do not have any background on the topics.Grading is easy if you do your part in the project and discussions.

Contributed to class discussions, did my parts of the project well and efficiently, gave many ideas for potential solutions to the project problems.

If you do your part of the project distribution you are going to get good review from your peers and you will most likely get a good grade overall.Workload is considerably lighter than other common cores.

No exam, 2 projects and 1-2 presentations.

If the workload in the group projects is distributed accordingly the workload is very light.The content is just right for someone who interested in engineering worldThe teaching gives adequate of teaching material, where the instructor put all of the lecture notes on the canvas. However, the instructor does not gives clear instruction on how and what does (s)he wants.This course provides an introduction to some innovative inventions and encourages students to participate in solving some 'grand challenges' Overall this course does not only revolve around engineering solutions on some boring problems but instead on some interesting daily-life problems such as e-learning.Interactive teaching style; students are arranged into groups and will sit according to that group during lesson. There will be group discussions and activities throughout every single lecture (except presentation classes) Two small groups will then be merged into a large group for the final project.The content varies depends on the guest that the course are able to invite regarding to the topic. In my case, it is the the former chairman of HK electric for the topic of HK electricity mix and a professor in UST for the food waste problem in HK.

The first few lectures will be about the idea of the course, then it would be the topic introduction, followed by some free consultation class then, move on to the next topic, and then final presentation.

It is not the content, but the way of finding solutions from a team collaboration. If you are expecting hard knowledge instead of vague mindset, this might not be the right course for you.The teaching style is not for every one. It was in a room full of moving furnitures. Professor will lead the discussion, but mostly from respond to students opinion on a certain subject.

Another great part of learning comes form peer learning, where each group would be assigned with students from different schools and majors. Through the experience I find myself think different at times when communicating with students from different majors. That being said, the situation of free riders seems to be higher than other average course.

The grouping are usually 5- 6 people, depending on the enrollment of students from different major.I'm not sure there's much 'learning' value in the course. The topic revolves around engineering challenges and problem solving techniques. Nothing taught in class is particularly relevant for the projects or are relevant but so basic that you could learn the same via Wikipedia. Note taking is unnecessary. With that said, I would still recommend going to class anyways because its an opportunity for you to discuss your project with your group mates; it's hard to find a collective meeting time for a group of 4 (and even harder when that group expands to 9). Attendance is taken at the beginning of the class but there are no participation points; TC encourages active participation although he is often ignored. I think he still takes attendance points into account when he gives out your final grade, especially if a lot of people score high. I would therefore recommend going to class and bring a fully charged laptop (so you can zone out and do something so as to not waste your time).TC and the respective TAs are very enthusiastic and nice. Honestly I didn't expect them to put in so much effort with teaching and making games. They hand out worksheets to assist brainstorming. It's kind of like primary school to be honest. The activities leading up to your project seem really unnecessary and childish but can be quite interesting. It's a nice change from the usual high-stress UST environment.

Each group is assigned a TA. We had 3 TAs and a lot of past student helpers. They served to guide us through our brainstorming and often participated in our discussions as well. It really helped clarify what the professor wanted and expected from us.The content is totally useless. Talking about some grand engineering challenge which is very boringIn the first few lecture, professor just follow the slide and talking about topic like MOOCThe grading is quite good. If you have much contribution to your group, you will probaly got a good gradeWorkload is small. no midterm and final. only focus on the 2 project. In the first project. 4 of you will work on a first challenge. After that, 2 small group will combine to form a big group of 8 people and work on the other challenge.Compulsory for Year 1 Engineering Students.
Minimum Requirement:
Fall:
1 Compulsory lecture
1 Compulsory Professional Development Seminar (PDS)
1 Peer mentoring (From you own clan)
1 School Faculty Advisor (SFA) Meeting
2 Safety Trainings (Better attend all)
Spring:
1 Compulsory lecture
1 Compulsory Professional Development Seminar (PDS)
1 Peer mentoring (From you own clan)
2 Safety Trainings (Better attend all)

Bring PRS/iPRS for your Safety Training sessions.
Personally, I think it is useful.
If your clan's time slot is not available, you can choose other slot by finding E^2i in the Engineering Common Office.You cannot listen what the speakers saying because a lot of people didn't respect him by talking aloud to their friends. However, the speakers already tries their best to talk.
Hence, the presenters go through the slides very fast.Compulsory:
1. Welcome lecture *1 (? (~90 min)
2. Peer advisor meeting *1 (20-30 min)
3. Academic advisor meeting *1 (20-30 min)
4. PDS (choose one boring lecture) *1 (~90min)
Everything will be notified by emails.They did try to teach us something, but because the boring contents and compulsory basis, what contained in the course became relatively not important at all, as well as the teaching :3Every engineering freshman need to attend this course. Remember to go to safety training although they said it is not compulsory for year 1.
Actually it is the graduation requirement of every engineering student. If you do not go to the training, you can't go to lab for your experiment.There are no teaching.This course is designed specifically for engineering students of the First Year of 4Y curriculum. This year-long course aims at providing an induction to the School of Engineering for the freshmen year. It will cover topics such as learning and time-management skills, purposes of university and engineering education, and planning for personal and professional development. Graded PP, P or F. For Year 1 Engineering students only.

When fall sem starts, there is a compulsory lecture.
You need to talk to ur own academic adviser.Boring and uselesssome lectures about the field of enginnering. I found it quite boring actually and I don't find them useful.N/Athere is F, P and PP. it is hard to fail.  All you need to do is follow the instructions and you are done. Be careful about the deadline and check emails frequently to make sure you don't miss any lecture.Light workload. just attend two compulsory lectures, complete PRS quiz and seeing advisor. There are instructions given in the first lecture so no worry.This course is designed specifically for engineering students of the First Year of 4Y curriculum. This year-long course aims at providing an induction to the School of Engineering for the freshmen year. It will cover topics such as learning and time-management skills, purposes of university and engineering education, and planning for personal and professional development. Graded PP, P or F. For Year 1 Engineering students only.Very boring and useless lecturersNot much of a content coz you are basically forced to attend the lectures...However, some major related lectures are highly recommended coz it's the best chance to know your future major...even got some registrations for HKIE student chapter.Em....most of the professor or lecturer do not know how to present their lecture material in a more interesting way..but they don't really care whether you are listening anyways haha..most of the students are either sleeping or playing games with their macbook lol...so...if it's not an interest topic...basically boring and sleepy...N/ACompulsory course for all engineering students in their first year of study. Basically you just need keep attending seminars in different areas. Some seminars will be related to your major selection.Very boring if are not interest in the content in that seminar. Most of the time the school of engineering invites outsiders to come to have a speech.In addition to the compulsory lectures -- "University Education" and "Engineering Design Concept", you are also required to attend at least 2 professional development seminars in one semester, which include intros to different majors, and infos on exchange, internship, etc.Usually worth listening to what the lecturers have to say, as the information is important.A series of lectures related to the field of engineering. Interesting content.Usually really kind instructors. Was a bit late once but the lecturer took a picture of my student ID and told me that he would help me count my attendance.You can't really fail unless you skip the compulsory lectures. It's probably the easiest course there is.All you have to do is attend the compulsory lectures (the schedule and requirements will be given in the canvas.) Before going, you need to register using your student ID. During/after the lecture and do whatever prs/worksheets they tell you to do/fill out. It's almost impossible to fail it unless you somehow miss a lecture or two.You won't know the content of the course after studying the course.You won't know the teaching is good or bad because nobody would focus on the lesson.P or F. I got an P. I am both above and below mean. The grade is super goodYou just have to attend the talk, doo the card, randomly press the PRS at the end of the lesson and everything is done. The workload is not big so it is the best course in HKUST other than HLTH1010REMEBER IF YOU FAIL THIS COURSE YOU WONT GET TO PICK A MAJOR

This course is designed specifically for engineering students of the First Year of 4Y curriculum. This year-long course aims at providing an induction to the School of Engineering for the freshmen year. It will cover topics such as learning and time-management skills, purposes of university and engineering education, and planning for personal and professional development. Graded PP, P or F. For Year 1 Engineering students only.Very boring and useless lecturersThis course is designed specifically for engineering students of the First Year of 4Y curriculum. This year-long course aims at providing an induction to the School of Engineering for the freshmen year. It will cover topics such as learning and time-management skills, purposes of university and engineering education, and planning for personal and professional development. Graded PP, P or F. For Year 1 Engineering students only.Not badThere were 3 categories of talk: Environment, ethics and professionalism, Health and safety. Whether the content is useful or not depends on speakers and topics.Various speakers were invited to give a presentation, and style of the presentation depends on the speaker.This is a debut course (though "tested" before in winter terms) aimed toward first-year SENG inductees who would like to have a multi-faceted experience of engineering and design prior to declaring a major.

The course will cover topics in the fields of mechanical, electronics and computer engineering, and the final project consists of working with a group to build an airship with an Arduino microprocessor, controlled via Bluetooth using an Android device.Most of the technical information will be taught through a "flipped classroom", and the completion of which will constitute a part of your grade. The online course will go through the necessary information you will need to construct your airship.

However, the information provided is too specific and rarely useful apart from its model use. This means it is difficult to solve problems on known information, as the arising problems are likely to be beyond the scope of the online course. Problem-solving must thus be accomplished outside of what the instructors provide and has already lost many groups valuable time due to the large student/instructor ratio as well as a lack of competent TAs, who are more likely to be screwing around than actually providing useful solutions.No classes or lectures after the first 3 weeks.
In groups of 4-5 members, you are tasked to design and create an airship from scratch with an Arduino Nano microprocessor, controlled via Bluetooth using an Android device.

Based on 3 main engineering disciplines: Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, and Computer Science

Concepts taught using an online platform called HKMOOC:
Electrical- Arduino, Microprocessors, Signals, and Communication
Mechanical- Design of the airship, equilibrium, forces affecting the flight of the airship
Computer Science- MIT App Inventor, Arduino

Recommended to have prior knowledge in C to code the Arduino nano, which controls the speed and rotation direction of the motorsOnline lectures were adequate, but they didnt teach us about coding in C for Arduino which is crucial. Concepts taught in the Mechanical Engineering and Electrical Engineering section was very important for the design of the airship. The lectures for the Computer Science section were ok.A lot of materials, although most of them are just given on the mooc and requires self-learning, they are there, and is part of the course. Informations from mechanics, computer science(andriod programming) and electronics(Arduino board and programming). I like all the instructors' teaching, I really got a great many new knowledge from the teaching.
What's more, this may be the first year course that desire the most working in lab, after class of course.It may be hard for someone who is unwilling to ask to do well in this course, as a large proportion of lessons are online. And after online learning, no-one will come to you and help you figure out the problem unless you try and ask.
At first I also think this teaching method is junk, but I now think it is very good and advanced.
The things I have learned is sure to be far more than the grade I have gotten.Students are divided into design groups of five people and the team stays the same for the whole semester. The students work together to build an airship with arduino boards, motors, balloons, and some resources that can be purchased through stores. Its core value is team work, so it is quite challenging and provides valuable experience as for working with others.The solid knowledge as for electronics, dynamics, and MIT controlling app are mostly taught through HKMOOC, the 20 percent in online activities is based on the performance on answering the questions on the mooc, some of them can be ambiguous, not so directly taught, or hard to figure out and might spends quite a lot of time if you want to get good grade.
Team work is nice but you really need to open your mind and be thinking and learning to really learn form this course.
The professors are there to give valuable advice but it is mostly about learning through doing and learn to collaborate with people.In my view the course isn't only teach you how to build a airship, learn how to write app with app inventor and arduino code,design drawing, 3D print . More like let you know how to running a project and work and lead the team to work.  

Here you are learning how to make your airship to be a product ready to be sell. so you will have to present your airship,do some demo test and the will be a competition at the end of the course.HKMOOC with  provide around 70% of the knowledge you needed to build the airship, rest is self-learning. However, material in HKMOOC is more than enough to build the airship.
In addition, if you spent time in lab with STA or instructor in your spare time , you will learn much much more and have a easier life.The content taught is quite interesting. The course is all about building an airship from scratch, learning the fundamentals of Mechanical Engineering, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering along the way. You will be required to solder an Arduino with a breakout board, batteries, and propellers together( warning: these equipment provided are quite fragile and need a lot of repeatedly precise soldering because they break down frequently).
Create an airship that can be controlled by an app by MIT appInventor. The knowledge applied is usually out of the content, so be ready to ask alot of questions!To be fair, the instructors are quite good and knowledgeable about their craft. They can be quite helpful as well if you know what questions to ask. TAs on the other hand are clumsy and just fucking around with little to no knowledge about the course.( no offense)

There are only in class lectures for the first 3 weeks, then teaching is done through an online platform (HKMOOC) which is pretty okay( i had prior knowledge on the content).

Most of the learning is through experience, failures and self help. Good teammates are crucial because a lot of times the content is not sufficient and you need to search for extra knowledge yourself.The content is interesting. They teach you what are the factors that will affect an airship and ask you to build your own airship. Each team of four to five people would build an airship in a semester.The HKMOOC is very bad. It is difficult to understand what they are talking about if you have not studied that part before. However, the support from the lab is very good. You can access the lab and ask for help almost any time.This class can really teach you some skills very useful for your later study in engineering field. But due to it's a debut class, there are tons of disadvantages need to be changed.......
I don't wanna say it but it teaches almost nothing during lecture time. Everything need to be done by your own no matter how difficult they are for year 1 students.there will be knowledge of many filds,though mostly very helpful, but will be pretty hard for beginners.if you dont understand, dont be afraid to ask TAs for help.most knowledge is get through on-line-video, you should be seriouse about that.if not you may feel puzzle on class for the professors rarely teach in class.TAs are mostly very helpful.Content is just okay. Will teach you a lot of things mostly useful.some sessions are okay. Too much to feed to you and they don't teach it properly. Online sessions sucks and the videos are not clear.You're dead with a shit team mate. They bullshit you with a lot of criteria. in the end, they will only consider your team's placement in final competitionNot much to do. You can't do anything without a good teammate and the worst part is they assign teammats to youYou can have access to all the tools and material in the lab, and try to use interesting stuff such as 3D-printing. For those geeks and who are gonna to major in hardware and machnic the things tought in the class is useful, undoubtedly.Professors will not offer help unless they are asked to. And most student helpers(STA) are totally useless. One STA helped me much and encouraged my team when we are frustrated, but on average the teaching and tutorial was horrible.Its all about making an airship.
First you will learn about some basic knowledge on electronics, mechanics and computer programming. Then you will be required to use these knowledge to solve some problems. And after this you will be designing and finally making the airship with your teammate. The whole design is good, since they want you to apply what you learn to the airship. But there are some problems, which I will talk about in the teaching part.They want us to learn in a new mode. This is fine. But the materials they provided is not really relevant to what we are doing. Sometimes it is too general and sometimes it is too specific. When you are completing your work, you still need to Google for other information or you won't be able to finish it. The TAs are helpful but most of the time they are not knowledgeable enough to solve all the problems.
And the professors rarely show up in class, even if they do, they will basically just provide "inspiration", instead of concrete knowledge. I think some lectures are still needed.Great course to take if you are really interested in technology and innovation. The course content is based on the "Second Machine Age" book where you learn about the technological evolution and how it began replacing humans.His teaching method is not the best one and the TA is the one doing majority of work.Including history , present and future of IT , include a little calculations but it’s easy to handle. Very basic concept of gate . Easy to read, ard 50 pages per ppt.Prof. Wong just read all the ppt , it’s useless to attend class. However, if u have some question during class, he will answer you, but u know... most of them are not included in the exam.Content is not too hard for students with no engineering background, as long as you understand the lecture materials you should be just fineTeaching is fine, and it is not done in-class. The professor records the lecture and you need to watch it every weekI would say the grading is quite lenient. At the end of the course I asked the TA whether grading is based on normal curve or absolute scheme and she said neither because they also consider the gap between each students.

In-video quiz : 5%
Tutorial Preparation: 15%
Tutorial Presentation: 15%
Pre Debate Write Up: 15%
Post Debate Write Up: 5%
Course Reflective Essay: 15%
Finals: 30%
Bonus (Show and Tell) : a max of 3%Workload is a bit heavy. Needed to write quite many essays and prepare for the weekly presentation.Content is mostly based on the "second machine age" where technology begins replace human intelligence, much like the first machine age where technology replaced human strength. Somewhat interesting though the content is eclipsed by the boring teaching.Style of teaching is boring and barely anyone attends lectures. Lecturer just reads off powerpoints that are posted on LMES. Don't attend lectures if you want more free time.Just “Information Technology Revolution: Past, Present and Future”, it tells you all.
Events/History related to the evolve of computer and its related technologies from 1600s to today.
Noticeable things include mechanical computers, silicon/transistors
, ENIAC, early stage of the Internet, security issues/darknet, etc.Most teaching will be done on online lectures. The lectures are generally fine but you know, still like just reading through the PPTs. So actually if you want to save time, you can just go through the notes themselves instead of listening to that long speech.

But beware there are QUIZZES IN THE LECTURE VIDEO(using the "Office Mix"), so if you choose to go through the notes, you may still have to click on that video, scroll it to the quizzes, and answer them.

there are tutorials called "Tech review" once per two weeks(alternate with presentation tutorials, which your group should do the presentation), basically explain something further and giving you some exercises to do in order to help you understand the lectures. You can NOT skip those tutorials (and of course the presentation one), because there will be attendence.Content is not hard.
Honestly learned a lot of interesting materials here.
The tutorials are compulsory, have to attend and discuss the reading materials.Professor is very nice and knowledgeable eventhough the lecture could be quite dry sometimes.Feels like reading extracts from wiki, not hard to understand topics but won't be able to know them thoroughlyNot interesting for a business student.. engineering and IT stuff do not have much to do with business esp students from accounting majorGot a mean score in everything, got B+ at the end, pretty good grade I would sayLow workload but there are numerous tasks after each lesson, like making ppt and script for presentation, but it won't take you more than 30mins every time to finish itInteresting content which introduces transformation of technology from past to present.Nice professor, with detailed lecture. But the tone is a little bit boring.This course should have a relative good grading compared to other courses. If you do well in the essay, quiz, powerpoints (everyweek) and score a normal score in final exam, you should still be able to receive an A.
This course uses absolute grading.The workload of this course is relatively high as you need to prepare a powerpoint presentation with your group mates every week. There will also be unannounced quiz. There will also be an essay for you to write about.Interesting, CS/CPEG students may find it easy. Lectures introduce basic knowledge in IT. 5 unannounced online quizzes will be given during lectures with 4 highest scores counted.Quite boring. The professor just reads out the content of the powerpoint. But he is willing to answer your question if you go ask him.The course covers content of information technology and explores the many applications of it in our daily life.
Ranging from IT's history to some basic calculation of research method were included.
The PPT used in the course might be too long but the content is interesting to understand.The professor's teaching was boring that the staff in the course can be read by yourself.
Skipping class is ok but there were 5 unannounced open-book short quiz in the class.
Most of the work was in the tutorial classes that students had to present and discuss, usually graded by the TA after course and shown on canvas .The subject content is informative. Although processor tried very hard to explain everything in details, most of the time I do not understand, unless you have previous knowledge. It covers many aspect of IT.The professor is monotone, not too good at teaching, but is willing to answer any question you raised.Useful in terms of learning some basic tech knowledge.Not the best, merely reading off the powerpoint slides, but professor is helpful. Just be sure to read ahead of class and even look into the course content alone/read the textbook as otherwise going to lectures wouldn't help.Around the basic knowledge of electrical engineering which is quite easy for the beginner (me).
Few calculation but very easyQuite bored teaching which made me skip almost all lessons. Professor provided video lectures in canvas.
But I think TA did very good on explaining the tutorial topics.Learn about computer and innovation, quite interesting to a CS student though
u can take it if u have spare time for learningvery boring during lectures as the professor just reads out from the notes
the final exam u can bring all the notes so u dont have to remember anything at allGeneral knowledge about information technology use from the past, present and future. Content wise is just okay for common core. Pretty interesting. Students with academic background in ECE / CPEG should found this course pretty easy because there are some parts overlapping with their foundation course.Professor is boring. You don't have to come to lecture, but please come to tutorial since they have attendance for it.Content:
The Dawn of a Revolution
-Boolean Algebra
-Claude Shannon and Information Theory
-The Transistor and Silicon Revolution
-Five Generations of Computing
-Wired and Wireless Communications
-The Internet and World Wide Web
-Information Security
-Emerging Trends
-Entrepreneurship

Assignments:
-Weekly tutorial presentations on weekly assigned readings
-5 random MC quizzes that also count as taking attendance
-In class debate
-Essay reflection on the debate
-Essay reflection about everything you've learned (draft / final)
-Group presentation on selected topic

Most of the content is covered at a shallow level.Weekly lectures where the professor reads the powerpoint slide verbatim. It takes a bit of willpower to stay focused.

Tutorials cover content that is barely related to the lecture topics.Content covered everything from the invention of transistors to cloud computing. The course content is not very interesting but the presentations by the groups during the tutorials are worth watching.The lectures are very boring (and also scheduled at 9:00 am) but due to the surprise quizzes before lectures  one is forced to attend them. The instructor basically reads out everything from the lecture slides available on Canvas.No CommentThe professor's teaching was a bit boring so many ppl always skip class. But he always upload the lecture video onto lmes.
During the tutorials, the TA was able to give comments especially constructive ones for the reflective statements.Bored, many history of development of computing
Not interesting
there is not something that you can really learn from this courseNo difference between reading notes yourself and listening to the professor
He just read something that is written in the powerpoint.exam will be the deciding factor of your gradeEvery group have to present every tutorial
although one  member representing a group, everyone still need to do a part for the presentation

There is also a debate between two groups near the end of the semester. Although you need to pay effort to this , but it won't be count as grade. the reflective statement is the one that count the grade of it.Long story in short, you and your teammate have to build an airship to compete with other groups. Your team employs skills from MECH, CSE, ECE to complete a series of tasks.They give lecture-like presentations at the beginning, introducing simple concepts in MECH, ECE, and CSE. Not too theoretical though, but pay attention because these might appear in the individual quiz.

And then you have lab, they will guide your team to complete team-based-tasks in class. You learn to connect motor and bluetooth module to the mainboard, use Arduino to control the MCU microcontroller, build Android controller apps using MIT app inventor 2. (might need a little programming experience, but they assign students with programming experiences to each team so no worries)

After that your team start building the airship. They give assignments to keep track of your progress. For example, prepare a video of the airship completing different tasks, prepare a poster for presentation, etc.

Overall the course does not teach too much (especially the most important part : mechanics), it's more of an exposure, an experience. Approach STA if you need help, they are really friendly.The overall content of this course is like a super condensed robotics team training bootcamp with pre-competition workshops and a final competition which heavily determines your final grade. Although emphasized in the contrary, I personally feel that background knowledge is expected (as the course material was merely a brief overview - not exactly helpful when put to test).

However, with that said, robotics team members who take this course do not necessarily guarantee the best airship design and subsequently the highest grade (from personal experience).

1. ECE
Basic content on how to use a arduino MCU (connect motors, bluetooth module, etc).

2. CSE
"Programming" an Android controller app for your airship using MIT app inventor.

3. MECH
Basic experience on soldiering wires.There will be a couple of labs during the first few weeks where you first listen to around half a class of ppt presentation then complete a couple of tasks via fiddling with arduino code as a team. Near the end of the course, you will have free lessons where you spend time building and testing your team's airship for the final competition. I also had the experience of learning to fly a DJI Phantom as a side experience which was nice.build a airship with all 5 teammates
learn basic knowledge about programmingi did not pay lots attention to the class, its quite boringoverall I got B+
it is good grade for a non-engine student studying engine course.
mostly, if you do not freeride, have a good communication with your teammate, you can gain a not bad result.easy to handle if you have good teammates, a pop-up quiz which is difficult but only spare about a small percentage

build airship for a competition which spare much of the percentage of the grade
and present your airshipThe course divides all students into around 5 people per group. At the first few lessons, students will be taught some programming and can try out the circuit boards and motors. After the first half of the course, groups will start building their own airships. There will be a final competition at the end of the course by completing the assigned tasks.There is little teaching involved in the course. When you face difficulties, asking STAs for help would be very helpful.Fun and interesting. Most of time50 % programming

its east to understand. and you can design your own program to control the airship

Its quite interesting to build an airship but it will take a long time to build (30-60 hours)In the first 6~7 weeks there were lectures about basic functions and ideas of airship, programming skills and electroic setting.
In the latter half of the semester, the teams(4-5 students) started to build the physical body of airship, write program to control the airship, write mobile apps for the interface and do documentation works.
Sometimes, there were competitions to test your airships.Sometimes the speaker was STA and sometimes it was engineering professor.
Background knowledge was expected. They didn't go through too much in certain criteria (especially programming). You have to spend more time on them if you are not familiar with them and want to do well.You can learn how to design, control, and build an airship.
This course is project-based. Around 4 students in a group to build an airship.
Design: Mechanical engineering things... balance forces...
Contorl: CSE ECE stuffs... connect motors/ write simple programme (nearly all copy from notes...)
Build: not difficult at all, just use tap and hot glue... XDDifferent Prof.s from different department will teach different lecture related to their major. Such as Prof. SONG teach about ECE stuff. Quite useful. Also, some of the classes were taught by STAs
As Prof are just "part-time" for this course, so if you have any problem, can only always find STAs ... STAs are nice and helpful, but they are not always in the Lab...3 Parts

1. MECH
Basic principles but not very useful

2. ECE
Arduino and connecting wires, motors, receivers etc.

3. CSE
Writing up the Android App. ( for controlling the airship)You need  preparation before coming the lecture.

The lecture is quite relaxing because the instructors is basically repeating what's written on the Ppt.

But the lab can be challenging because it requires you to submit your work within a day.

The STAs are nice. They will answer your question in detail and give suggestions.They would first teach you knowledge from Mech, ECE and CSE and then you would need to use what you had learned in these 3 technical area to build an Airship.

For ECE, they teach you Aurdino
For Mech, they would give you knowledge about what Airship is.
For CSE, they would teach you Android Studio, so you could use your Android phone to control your airship.They have different proffessor for different technical area and each group would be assign to different STA. So if you have any question, you could always seek help from STA.Course objective: build an airship and win the competition. Requires more hands on practical skills, not suitable for those who likes to free ride and skip classes.They invite professors from the MECH, CPEG and COMP department to give brief lecturs about how an airship work, and programming stuff.

The whole course is supported by STAs. I feel like the STAs are more helpful than the professors, since they're there to help you with programming, building and just to make the three hour class more joyful and fun.Useful as it provides a good overview on the cutting edge technology and concerns of different areas, in different geographical regions.  Content can be technical but it is not necessary to understand everything.Very knowledgeable teacher but it takes some effort to stay awake and digest everything.Interesting contents. Covers latest information in Big data and Smart City developments. Easy for beginners like me.Encourages class discussion. Be ready to discuss with others. iPRS surveys every lesson, used for taking attendance.Missed 2 iPRS. Handed in all assignments and the final poster. A range at last.
Many students got A range.One ppt assignemnt per week, no need to present, contents can be found easily in google. The final poster is required to be handed in in the last lesson, generally very limited amount of workload.So much contentBoringGood grade
Actually you just have to finish all the assessments, then you should have a good grade
For me, I finished all, and sometimes tried to make some effort
Though some of the assessments were below mean, (as Matthew mentioned) the score wont represent your grade, and my grade turned out to be an "A"3 assignments which require you to do research and comment
one midterm report which is individual
one poster (group)
one final report, which is relevant to your midterm report
PRS every lecture (not sure if he would treat it as attendance)Course description from lecture materials:
''Impact of the current technological evolution: creation of value in the global economy, society in general, and personal lives.
Science & technology innovations: products and services.
Case studies: successes & failure of technology companies; disruptive innovations; intellectual property
Smart city: application of technology innovations to enhance humanity, quality of life……. ''Classes are very boring, attendance will be recorded from PRS questions.Content is mostly about Smart IOT, Smart Hong Kong, everything is about how the technology is changing the world. It really is just common sense. Honestly not sure whether people are interested in this topic or people are just taking it because it is part of SSC S&T.Very boring style, he just reads it off the powerpoint and the words are so small on powerpoint. Honestly half the students are there doing their own thing. He is a nice guy nonetheless and has a passion for teaching, it's just the course which isn't very interesting.

One thing that I just want to point out is the TA, Paul David Lavinge. Literally the worst TA I have ever had at HKUST, never replies to email, doesn't do anything, I don't even know why he is a TA. Try and avoid him at all cost, he is hopeless. He is in charge of marking the assignments and one of my friend's quality is definitely higher than everyone else yet he got below mean when someone's assignment was literally just 3 bullet points on each slide. Ridiculous TA and I have never seen anyone worse than him.

Having said that, this course is easy enough for you to get good grade, plus you don't really need to listen in class and there is no final or mid-term, so I guess it's not too bad as long as you don't need to contact that TA for whatever reason.Content about current technological products, methods and technology around the world. Invited two guest speaker to talk about the Lantau Island development to provide more information to work on the final report. Arranged 1 field trip to Lantau Island few most important spots.Very boring, with one professor having too simple and boring powerpoint and the other professor having too comprehensive and wordy powerpointThe content for the entire course is quite basic, but in my opinion, not planned too well.

1st Half: Very focused on the idea of fostering entrepreneurship, what is required to sustain it, how is it structure, what the ecosystem is like, etc.

2nd Half: Straight jump into entrepreneurship technology in a smart city, from the aspects of healthcare, economy, mobility, etc.Teaching style is very, very varied.

1st Half: Very idealistic viewpoint taken towards the world, little engagement with the class, hardly any discussions unless you begin to ask questions, and try to stir something up.

2nd Half: Very technical, prof will read from his PowerPoint slides, and open up reports, and show you that things are being written about technologies he is talking about. Tries to make the class engaging, but I remember one morning class where there were only 4 people in the class, because most didn't appreciate his style of teaching.This course provides an introduction to industrial engineering (IE). It comprises of two parts. The first part introduces basic IE analytical tools, such as optimization, game theory, probability and statistics, stochastic processes and simulation, at a conceptual level. In the second part, many of the IE practical concepts, including production and operations management, logistics and supply chain management, financial engineering, are introducedThe instructor was responsible and passionate. He explained the concepts slowly and clearly. This was his first year of teaching this course but he seemed experienced. I really enjoyed attending his classes. He explained the content very well and covered the topics in a very interesting and engaging manner. The TAs were also responsible as well.The course is meant for an introductory look into Industrial Engineering, and through the courses introduces some topics of the many topics that one would study if you pursue the major. The topics that were introduced were logistics management, Operations management, and probabilistic problem solving. Although, there is math involved in this course, it is at a very basic level, and is just used to prove, as the lecturer puts it "that you have the most perfect answer".The lecturer is definitely very passionate about the subject, this does make you want to listen and learn. He also tries to make sure everyone is engaged by asking questions many times, so that he can teach you though guiding your thought process, rather than everyone following his. He does go off topic sometimes, but with the aid of the TA(terrence) he would make sure the tutorials were succinct and would explain anything if you had any queries. Therefore the staff of the course are very good.1. game theory
2. inventory management
3. project management
4. revenue management
5. waiting line analysis
6. demand forecasting
7. productivity and process analysis
8. process selection
9. introduction to financial engineering
10. optimization

To be honest, tutorials are garbage.
Attended most of them, but in the end, it doesn't make any difference because the only thing that matters is the assignment.I did not find the teaching as great as most students found it.
I felt like he was only reading the lecture notes.
TAs are willing to help, so whenever you feel confused, go to their offices.Introduction to
1. game theory
2. inventory management
3. project management
4. revenue management
5. waiting line analysis
6. demand forecasting
7. productivity and process analysis
8. process selection
9. introduction to financial engineering
10. optimizationHis teaching is really good. Clear explanation with some real life examples, sometimes showing videos for student to have better understanding.Prof prefers the class to be more interactive. Students are not allowed to use any electronic devices during the lecture.Interesting content, very similar to ISOM2700 but a simpler versionBoring voice, and 9am lessons are bad
The powerpoint slides are quite clear and include all content for midterm and final (no need extra stuff)- Game Theory
- Probability
- Wait line analysis
- Revenue management
- Demand forecasting
- Financial Engineering etc..
A lot of topics are included but the content are not complicatedProf Wang teaches with passion and his slides are very clear and detailed. He usually can explain the concepts in a clear way.Introductions of
Game Theory, Process Analysis, Supply Chain, Queueing Theory, Inventory/Revenue/Project Management, Demand Forecasting
Only introducing few simple concepts about each topic.The instructor was good, passionate, and willing to answer questions. Sometimes even told some jokes.
One of the TA(Terence) was good. He explains concepts and problems clearly.Class was great, content not too bad. Midterm easy. Final expected to be reasonable. Allowed to have sheet of paper for tests.Great lecturer. No phones or computers allowed. The second one can be a hit bothersome if you like to use your laptop for the slideshow. So you must print the slides before coming to class. I typically use a tablet to make notes on my slides, so I found this to be a bit annoying that I had to start printing.This is an introduction course and the content is very easy to understand and much related to real life. The course features on linear optimization, game theory, probability, process analysis, queueing theory, supply chain and inventory management, revenue management and project management. Before midterm it is very easy but after midterm there is much more memorization. Also this course utilizes a little bit of math.The teacher is very very responsible and make huge effort to make the class atmosphere lively. We even played some games in some classes. Tutorial quality varies, actually no need to attend, just go through the tutorial slides is enough.Good content with interesting topics covered.Instructor is very good. I enjoyed attending his classes. He explained the content very well and covered the topics in a very interesting and engaging manner.Grading is okayish. Since the mean goes very high you have to do well to ensure a good grade. Can't afford slip ups. Both mid term and final have equal weightage and are of only 40 marks, so when converted to percentage every mark means 2.5% of that exam, so a small mistake may cost you. Class participation also carries additional weightage.Workload is acceptable. 6 homeworks in total to be submitted as hard copies (to be posted in letterbox) out of which the best 5 are counted. One pop quiz took place in class that I missed. Otherwise not much. It's manageable.An introduction course to industrial engineering. It covers a wide range of basic IE knowledge which is mostly conceptual. In terms of the mathematical part, there are some fundamental math models that students need to handle, such as linear programming. Moreover, this course is generally similar to the OM in business, and it introduces many business examples. Therefore, it is a good common core course for business students.The instructor is new this year but experienced as well as passionate. He will reply questions in e-mails very soon and is willing to communicate with students after lectures. The only drawback is that his expression is not that clear.Exam I (2 hours): 40%; Homeworks: 15%; Reading report: 5%; Exam II (2 hours): 40%; Bonus of up to 3% based on participation.Ajay is nice and outgoing. However, for Hong Konger, I think it is rather difficult to understand his accent. TA is helpful. In the course, it will include some basic knowledge about maxflow, simplex solver and quene theory. However, no prior complicated math theory is required.The content of the course was interesting. Professor introduced some concepts of logistics, storage management, queues, etc. Although there were some concepts that were a little hard to comprehend, the contents of the course were all suitable for people who learn about IELM for the first time.Professor's teaching was very good. He explained the concepts very clearly and humorously, providing a lot of examples. The tutorials were helpful to enhance my understandings of the course materials as well.The course materials are interesting and enjoyable. They are rather useful and shows the basics of what you will learn in more advanced IELM courses. The first half of the term covers the easier parts of the course, but after midterms  the course materials consists of probabilistic materials and are harder to understand.The teacher teaches very slowly and really helps us in understanding the course material. However this might get repetitive really quick and you will get bored in class. Especially as he often does reviews of what the class learned on the previous lecture.Content:
-IELM history
-Minimum spanning trees
-Dijkstra
-Max flow min cut
-Linear programming
-Probability & statistics
-Managing inventory / Newsvendor model
-Queues

Format:
Biweekly lectures where the professor covers about one topic per lecture. Weekly tutorials where the TA clarifies the lecture topic and answers any questions students have.

Assignments:
-5 assignments submitted through canvas about the lecture topics. The questions are pretty reasonable in terms of difficulty, as long as you pay attention in class.
-A book report from a suggested book list (the professor is very specific about what structure he wants, so it's just a matter of following his formula)

Attendance:
-No attendance requirement for lectures/tutorialsOne of the better professors at HKUST. He's very enthusiastic about the content, and it rubs off on his students. His teaching style is entertaining yet efficient, so it's easy to stay alert in his class. The TA also knows his stuff and will help with any homework problems you might have.A very good taste of the Industrial Engineering degree. First stage of the course consists of deterministic processes; minimum spanning tree, linear programming, etc. Second stage of course consists of stochastic processes such as queuing theory, inventory control, and quality control.Fairly paced with clear delivery. Ajay is passionate in delivering the course content, chooses the material nicely. Just pay attention in classes and can do well in course.The first half of the course is about graphs, finding the minimum spanning tree, shortest path,maximum path inside a graph and also  simplex method(system of linear equation). Most of it is not that difficult. The second half of the course mainly focus on statistic, learning about probability destiny function, sample checking, inventory, queues. The second half is much more difficult than the first half if you haven't study statistic before like me.Ajay's teaching is slow pace and a bit boring. But he is quite passionate and he is willing to answer student's questions. The lesson before the mid term he used the whole lesson to answer student's questions. The tutorial is mainly about extra information of the lecture. It is not really useful for the assignment or exam but for your own interest.Introduction to IE and LM, before mid-term will be deterministic problems, and will teach non-deterministic stuff like pdf, distribution, etc.A bit boring and slow-paced, still he explains concept clearly.Good for assignments, as long as you have listed out the main focus of the question, having the correct approach, there is at least 50% of the mark.
For exam, it's fair a long as you revise the concept. There is a small cheat sheet with some equations so you don't need to remember them all
Mean 72.2%, 80.2% -> B+There are total of 5 assignments and 1 book report for the course. They are not too difficult. There are some buffer (with slight mark penalty, up to one week) that Ajay gives for late submission.Sound introduction to the principles of IE, incl. network analysis, basic probability, inventory management, engineering management fundamentals. Basic, meaning not much maths or theory presented at all [the most maths was differentiating a two-variable calculus equation during inventory management]. Dragged on a little bit though, AJ could have sped up the pace of his discussions.AJ is the undergrad course coordinator for IELM: if you want to know more about IE/if you're interested in pursuing IE would be a good chance to get introduced to both him and the subject. Can get monotonous and boring at times, but not too often...try not to zone out [try]. He's obviously very passionate about his trade. His teaching leaves somewhat to be desired however - a lot of the actual learning process you have to carry out by yourself. Check out his page for typed PDF notes for [almost] every chapter.Quite of a lot of content. Difficult for beginners to understand. The notes are poorly written with insufficient and irrelevant examples.
You need to study by yourself in order to understand what's going on. :(It is a SELF-STUDY course. Do not expect any effective lectures or notes.
I would say that this lecturer doesn't know how to teach.The course content consists of two parts; probability and stats.
It covers all the basis elements of probability (conditional, bayes theorem), random variables, limiting theorems, statistics, hypothesis testing and regression analysis.The professor has been involved with this course for quite a while and that's easily evident with the way he teaches the course and coherently resolves the questions in class. He's loud and clear unlike some of the other IELM profs and there's absolutely no issues in deciphering his accent.In order to know what is going on about IELM, this course will show you how probability is related to it. Such as calculating the possibilities of success/failure, and allow you to make decisions after calculations.She just used all the notes from Jiheng Zhang, and I was expecting something new. Unable to clear the concepts of probability and unable guide us through the homework. There is such a  gap between homework and lecture notes.
I strongly recommend you to self-study.Tentative Course Outline:
1. Elements of Probability
• Sample space and events • Axioms of probability • Conditional probability • Bayes rule • Independence
2. Random Variables
• Discrete random variables • Continuous random variables • Joint distribution and covariance
3. Limiting Theorems
• Law of large numbers • Central limit theorems
4. Descriptive Statistics
• Frequency tables and graphs, histograms, leaf plots, • Sample mean and variance, sample median, sample percentile • Chebyshev’s inequality for data
5. Parameter Estimation
• Maximum likelihood estimators • Interval estimates • Conﬁdence intervals
6. Hypothesis Testing
• Signiﬁcance levels, • Various tests
7. Regression Analysis
• Least square estimators, • Distribution of estimators, • Statistical inferenceProf. ZHANG is very nice and friendly. He teaches very well, too.Probability (Axioms, Conditional probability, Independence...); Random Variables; Limiting Theorems; Descriptive Statistics; Parameter Estimation; Hypothesis Testing; Regression Analysis

Difficult but useful.Clear explanation in the video. The videos show all the calculation steps and have some examples inside.
You can ask many questions as you can in the lecture coz it's how the lecture works.
Watch video --> Go to the lecture --> Ask questionVery useful and practical in the engineering field. And many industrial engineering courses are based on the knowledge he taughtThe prof is a nice person and is always willing to answer any questions raised by studentsAbsolutely good grade, but the a range seems to be 15%.Intermediate workload for a weekly hand-written homework, but the final group project is not well designed especially for the time period. It happened in the final exam period and cost time which was able to use to review other coursesGenerally, group of 4 students (2 from UST, 2 from China Academy of Art) worked together spending first 2 weeks in Hangzhou and 2 weeks in UST. Every students get chance to know each other and time to hangout with new friends in Hangzhou at the start of the course. Then, we have classes for getting innovative idea and how to do the proper design thinking which takes a lot of time. Back in UST, you make the actual product together. Barely have resting time, but I am sure you will enjoy it if you are an engineer.There is no actual teaching like lecture in UST. You can get advice from professors and TAs in order to get the basic direction but no one will tell you which direction is correct. So it is important to get involved in group discussion and bring out as many opinions as possible, otherwise you will end up making horrible product.We had to pair up with students from The China Academy of Art (Hangzhou) and spent 2 weeks in HKUST and Hangzhou respectively. It was interdisciplinary- 2 STEM students in UST paired up with 2 Art/Media students in CAA. I would really recommend this course as design thinking is a highly demanded skill in many companies. Being able to brainstorm 1000 ideas and just choose and develop 1 is very useful.Prof. Ravi was the main professor leading the course. Although there was support from other professors (Pedro Sander, Emily Au and 2-3 professors from The China Academy of Art in Hangzhou), Ravi was in charge of the course planning and direction. His many years of experience in design thinking really helped us accelerate the planning process.The course is collaboration with CAA (China Academy of Art) in Hangzhou, so if you are interested in art and design, it will be really fun because you'll get to meet extremely talented students in their field of study.
The course is all about creating a tangible PRODUCT. There are no reading materials or exams. You just have to identify the problem, develop your ideas and build the product. For us, we had to build a product that can help elderly in terms of mobility and cognition.
Also, other than academic part of this program, you will get to stay with 40 students entire month! By the end of the program, you will definitely feel as if they are your family. I can say that this course is not like any other course I have taken so far in HKUST.There were many professors and they were really nice and responsive.Analyze global supply chain strategies.
After each topic, there are case studies of famous companies regarding the topic.The professor is very young. She is also very nice.
She like to ask questions in class.
Since there are no tutorials, we won't see the tutors basically.Some say good, some say bad
I would say your performance both in midterm and final are critical to the gradeVery light, only 2 assignments
Got some case studies throughout the semester in which you need to do 10-15 pages of readings
Also a project presentationThe content is very interesting, with a mix of concepts on global supply chain management learned in lecture notes and application of these concepts in "real" companies through case studies.The professor is great, probably one of the most interesting in the entire IELM department. Her way of teaching is very captivating. Since there are no tutorials, we never really got to see the TAs, and they weren't really helpful too when asked to explain something.Project management, Product & service design, quality management, process selection & layout design, forecasting, inventory management, aggregate planning, MRP&JT

Calculation is the most important part that is examined in this course, as you can bring a cheatsheet, the part of memorisation can just be put inside
All long questions are calculation problemsProf is good, explain and demonstrate a lot in class

some people said she is pretty, i dont judge :)Content is pretty similar and a bit advanced to ISOM 2700, so if you are a BBA student you can take this course together with ISOM 2700 so you only revise for 2 courses together.
Reguires lots of memorising stuff but in mid terms and finals you can bring a cheat sheet so it is perfectly fine.
Powerpoints only povide point forms of some important concepts so need to pay attention in class and jot down important informtaion. Sample calculations are also in blank so participation in class are very imporatant.
There is random quiz happen in class and count for attendance. It pretty simple if you do all the in class practice.
Remember to attend the tutorials as they provide sample questions for exam.Yes she is quite boring in teaching, but she is really a nice professor and her class is really informative. And she is really helpful in answering questions and easily approachable.This course have a brief introduction on what is industrial engineering, and will cover some topic on engineering management, logistics management and also financial engineering.The professor have passion on teaching and will use quite a lot of example to explain the concepts of the course.The content is not difficult. It covers project management, forecasting, aggregate planning and MRP and JIT. As it is an engineering course, the math involved can be quite complicated but it is understandable.Teaching is fair.Split into 10 modules, with one covered in one to two weeks.

Content will be revolving around how to set up a project or business, including both hardware and softwares.Energetic and funny.
Flexible.

A lot of examples were used to try to help students better understand the topic.it is a class introduced the basic logistic knowledge and some math problems in logistic waysMrs. QIU is a mainland teacher but her English is quite easy understand. Her powerpoint is very clear but some answers of questions in powerpoint were showed on class.Main theme of the course: Cheatsheets, striving for 100% efficiency, and management.The professor is young, nice and attractive (that's not the main point).
She will teach you the essence of IELM, and will teach you tons of equations, so better arrange your cheatsheet as you are only allowed to bring  one piece of paper for your cheatsheet.
Never skip classes, there will be quizzes in class and it weighs about 10% of your grade.
Pay attention to what she speaks, well thats not difficult because she is quite pretty and you will definitely concentrate in this class, well I did.There was a good content in the course. This course basically teaches you the python language which is quite simple and easy to use compared to other computer languages. The course will teach python from scratch. This course is designed for students who don't have any background in computers, or they have very little idea about them. (i am in that category)LAM, Gibson is a very good teacher and he teaches everything nicely and precisely. He is a very easy going person. His lectures can be boring at times but I don't blame his teaching to be the cause for that. And honestly he just a very nice person as well. His explanation is very accurate. There are a lot of things in the course that can be confusing at times but he will clear them up nicely. Also, the PPT is self-explanatory and very well prepared, both for the LABs and the course itself.Interesting content regarding the whole system of database. It focuses on database management, which allows students to learn more about what's a database and how you can manage them, and apply those skills into real life situation.Her teaching is quite normal, with clear ideas and contents in the slides. It's quite easy to catch up and she provides examples and exercises throughout the whole semester.I never think of database is related to IELM.
This course is strongly related to COMP courses, if you guys have good grades in COMP 1021,1022P/Q, then you will find this easy.

For computer idiots like me, this will be a nightmare, and most people tend to have better grades since they think it is 'easy'.Teaching is rather good, examples are explained clearly, and there are also enough time for us to think about the logic.

She also encourages students to answer questions, and if you do it, you will get 0.5 bonus point for 1 lecture (capped at 4). No matter you answered correct or wrong she will still let you have the bonus point.Lecture:
Conceptual Data Model (ER Model). Relational Mode, ER to relational mapping, relational algebra, SQL, Design theory (normalization, 1NF, 2NF, 3NF)
Lab:
HTTP, PHP, SQL

Easy but not practical enoughResponsive professor and TAs, just the content is too fundamental that nothing to ask forVery high-level view of derivatives (options, futures, covers a tiny portion of asset-backed securities) from John Hull's renowned textbook (chapter 1 - 7). Extremely straightforward if you have introductory finance knowledge / follow market news diligently.He's an all around solid professor, but because the content is so shallow / general, he glosses over a lot of the more complex (and more interesting) concepts.

Well paced, clear pronunciation, concise slides but ripped (almost entirely, word for word) from the textbook. Read the textbook for more infoThis course consists of lectures and labs, with several projects and one Final Examination. This course introduces the fundamentals of product design from the perspective of
industrial engineering, including market research, process design, aesthetics, and design for manufacturability/assembly/usability. Methods and theories of design are introduced and several design examples and case studies will be presented. Students are encouraged to think about new product ideas that have industrial potential.Better to do some reading assignments, as well as preview the lecture notes before the class, so as to get more understanding on the courses and the labs. This will be very helpful for you to get a higher grade.Covers a wide range of topics but not much depth is given: with only the lecture notes you won't learn much.
LECTURE
- Design methodology and identifying customer needs
- Design specifications
- Visual effects
- Aesthetics in design
- CAD/CAM and 3D printing
- Prototyping
- Design for X
- Market positioning
LAB
- Sketching principles
- Processing (it's a software)
- Rhinoceros (it's a software)
- free project time.Pros: The professor creates a good atmosphere in class. Good English, isn't boring and listening to the lecture is easy  and interesting (listening will also save you a lot of work).

Cons: prof is a bit lazy:Lecture notes are messy and he isn't very specific about what he wants until the deadline approaches. He has high expectations as of the effort you need to put in.The content of this course is rather intriguing. It is very broad and covers such things as programming, 3D modelling, design from different perspectives (business, mechanics, quality).Prof. Ravi is a very nice teacher, as he doesn't really want students to learn stuff by heart, but understand what they're doing. But most of the time he cannot finish lectures on time, which means that we have to do it by ourselves. TA's are willing to help all the time, but sometimes they are not really able to.The content is interesting. You will learn about different ways of designing a product and the process it takes. Tends to be a very hands-on course, with a lot of labs that will help you to be a bit more creative.Prof. Ravi is a good comunicator, but very demanding when it comes to results. The course is quite project-oriented (ard 25% of the score is for the final design project). You need to convince the professor your idea is the best one.This course includes quite a lot topics on product design, like what should you consider before determine what is your product.
Besides, there are also labs for sketching and 3D graph softwareThe professor had taught this course for many years and very familiar with the course materialContent is interesting and some paper drawing skills were taught in the first few lessons. The following lectures will focus more on drawing with softwares and lastly the 3D drawing software rhino.TAs will appear in both lectures and lab sessions and they will answer question whenever you need help. TAs are very helpful and remind you to hand in the lab and do clear work.Content is interesting and some paper drawing skills were taught in the first few lessons. The following lectures will focus more on drawing with softwares and lastly the 3D drawing software rhino.Ravi is quite nice and humorous sometimes so lectures are not as boring as expected. TAs will appear in both lectures and lab sessions and they will answer questiona whenever you need help.Teaching you the world of design, and help you to have a better understanding about aesthetics. It will also discuss about using computer programmes to design, 3D printing skills and methods, also the procedures of product assembly.The lecturer is humorous, and having a great atmosphere in learning.
If you have enough talent and interest in design, you will absolutely love this course.Quite interesting .
You can practice different softwares for product design and also the sketching skills.Ravi welcomes questions. You can ask him any topics related to design and you will enjoy talking with him. Also, the TAs are quite experienced and they      are patient.The content of the course is really broad and has very little structure. You start with computer programming and graphic design and move to mechanics, 3D printing and design principles. Because there are so many topics you don't really end up learning anything in depth which is really frustrating and the value of the course becomes low.Ravi seems like a nice guy but the teaching was awful. He spent most lectures doing multiple choice questions with clickers which really delivers very little value and just tests whether you did the reading. The labs were fun at the start but very disappointing by the end because the teaching assistants themselves weren't very skilled with Rhino.The contents was very good and applicable in real manufacturing field and supply chain. There was a project to help you practice the skills had learnt in the lecture. The project needs to be a real problem and the solution have to actually work. It is better to have a group mate which can access to real data about warehouse, factory, logistics facilities etc.
In the tutorial, it would teach some useful software about the skills learnt, such as Excel VBA and BLOCPLAN.Since Emily Au is a Hong Kongese, normal Hong Kong students can understand her English. She explained things well with suitable examples and liked asking questions in the lecture.This course is designed to provide some fundamental concepts, theories and procedures for the study of facility location, process and material flow analysis, physical layouts, computerized layout planning, warehouse operations, and material handling.

quite easy to be followed.
Cheatsheets are allowed in midterm and final.The instructor is quite responsive to the students' inquiries.
However, sometimes you might find TA hard to be reached and they are not quite responsive to your questions.Compulsory course for IEEM students, an elective course for Design/ Technology Management minor.
Topic 1: Introduction to Ergonomics
Topic 2: Environment design I - Noise at work
Topic 3: Six-Sigma approach on Safety Management
============ (Mid-term cutoff)===========
Topic 4: Workstation design – anthropometry (This will be the key for the final examination, the else are easy topics)
Topic 5: Task design I – workload on muscle
Topic 6: Task design II – workload assessmentProf. So encourages students to ask and answer questions on lecture. Nice professor and he remember name of students.Basic knowledge about linear programming, simplex method, transportation, network optimization, dynamic programming and integer programming. Easy to understand even if you skipped all the lectures.

Content after MT is tougher. Spend more time when you are revising for the final.Teaching is really boring. I skipped all the lectures except the first few ones. No need to attend the lectures as he will post all the lecture notes before the semester starts, if you are confident enough.

Tutorial sessions will teach some Qs in HW. Not necessary also if you are confident. The materials are really simple though.Basic course for people who enrolled into department of IELM.
It mainly discuss about the most cost-efficient way to deliver goods, or analyse the possible cases when goods are distributed.The tone of the professor is monotonous, I have skipped several lessons because of that. The lesson also starts at 9am, so about 15 people will show up at the lecture.
One thing good about this course is you can follow up the progress easily by go through the notes and ask the TAs, the notes clearly written, and detailed examples are shown.Before midterm:
- write a linear programming problem
- simplex method and graphical method
- dual problem
After midterm:
- sensitively analysis
- transportation problem
- network problem
- integer programming
- dynamic programmingI did not attend every class because slides are very easy to understand. But you have to go to tutorial to learn how to do problems. Because
1) hw are pretty similar to tutorial problems
2) exam questions are similar to tutorial problemsTopics covered

Before Midterm:
Linear programming, simplex method, duality theory, sensitivity analysis

After Midterm:
Transportation problems
Network optimization models
Integer programming
Dynamic programming1) He had all the notes and slides posted so that students can follow.
2) Usually, his slides are illustrated with a bunch of examples and exercises
3) I don't think his lectures are concise enough, sometimes he's just regurgitating for like 5 mins over one concepts, which is boring and hard to follow.Fundamental Topics of Operation Research

Topics Include:
Before Mid-term:
1.Linear Programming
2.Simplex Method
3.Duality Theory and Sensitivity Analysis

After Mid-term:
4.Transportation Problems
5.Network Optimization models
6.Integer Programming

Those topic taught were easy to handle and understand. Yet, it is easy to make mistakes, since those calculations were totally troublesome. It is advisable for you to be more careful when handling those problems.No common, I seldom attend lesson except the first few lessons.The content of this class is actually interesting, you get to learn about manufacturing processes and how they are used in real life, and some of the labs are quite cool like making puzzles.I think the lecture component is poorly organized; Ajay tries to give examples from real life but he ends up jumping around to tangents and it's hard to find and focus on the important stuff he's trying to teach. Lab teaching is also poor; the TA explicitly said he received little help when he was a student learning this material, so he wanted our class to have the same experience... instead of helping us. As our lab instructor.Material properties, surface treatment, casting, cutting, joining, welding, cutting process economics & optimization (for instance, most optimal steps to cut some desired shape out of a wooden workpiece) etc in lectures.

Labs - cutting, design, measurements, optimization (Excel Solver), project where students design a CAD model that showcases a manufacturing process in pairs, which is later 3d printed and assessed.

Project - submit all CAD files and final 3d printed product. Maybe some students actually milled their pieces out of aluminum? <- highly doubt this thoughAjay is cool. Knows his shit. Talks a lot, enthusiastic, doesn't cover a textbook per se (although there are reference copies in the library). Asks random Qs in class, if you can answer them more power to you

His slides are very sparse in complete sentences though, mostly Googled images, so your best bet is to take lengthy notes in class. Go to class my dudesFirst half of the semester is a difficult version of ELEC2100 where you learn about Fourier transform, z-transform and DFT/FFT. If you understand ELEC2100 well then you won't have great problems here.
The next half of the semester teaches filters and how noise reacts with filters, and the mathematics behind creating the optimum filter.
Knowledge about MATLAB definitely helps understanding the content.MY teaches everything important in her tutorials. She makes every concept clear. She might sound mean when you ask her questions, but she will make sure you understand your problem. She will also give hints to homework and lab!
Prof Palomar is sometimes interesting in class. He not only talks about course content, and also talks about how the technology was used in history. If you like to learn additional stuff, it is better to attend the lecture.If you don't want to watch the desciption, skip it. But the things after the "" mark is my opinion. You can check.
By the course description,
"This course provides a broad treatment of signal processing and communications: discrete time signal and system, filter design, source coding, channel coding, digital modulation theory, channel model, and noise effects.

The objective is to comprehend the basic theory about signal processing including discrete-time signals and systems, and filter design; and have a basic understanding of communications systems including source coding, channel coding, digital modulation, detection theory, and error analysis.

MATLAB CAD tools are being used as an integral part of this course."

Actually, it is the advanced knowledge of ELEC2100. It is relatively easy if you understand the content of ELEC2100. If you don't understand it, don't worry. The content of ELEC3100 is easier than ELEC2100, unless the last 1-2 chapters.You can skip the lectures but I don't recommend it as Daniel will sometimes demonstrate the calculation or derivation behind some of the concepts.

Never skip the tutorials! MY can make the concepts of the contents clearer and if you really don't understand, feel free to ask her! Also she will give some hints for your homework and labsNot easy to understand !! Find material for yourself

The course provides a comprehensive overview of signal processing and communications using quantitative modeling and analysis. Topics include: 7 layer communications model, discrete Fourier transform and z-transform, IIR and FIR filter design techniques and realizations, complexity and implementation considerations of FFT and FIR/IIR, source coding, digital modulation, PSD and spectrum, effects of noise to communication system designs, detection theory, matched filter, signal space and error analysis, channel models and channel coding. Application examples are provided to illustrate on how practical communication systems are designed using these quantitative tools. Design projects are set up so that the students can apply theory learnt in the class to physical problems. MATLAB CAD tools are being used as an integral part of this course.Daniel talks very fast, so you must pay attention of course. The TA MY could be even faster than Daniel.

Yet MY can help you to clear concept efficiently. In short, don't skip lecture and tutorial.This course mainly talks about MIPS processors. The difference between COMP2611 and ELEC2300 is the former focus more on software level and the latter focus more on hardware level.

Basic computer knowledge (e.g. what is an 'Embedded Computer' and examples), MIPS assembly code, computer arithmetic are the focus of Midterm Exam.

Single-cycle/Multi-cycle Architecture, Pipelining, Pipeline Hazards and memory (mainly about cache in processor) are in the scope of Final Exam.

C programming background is recommended, as Homework and Exam might see questions involving translating C to MIPS code.Prof. Xu is very strict on people talking in lecture, other than that, he is quite nice and good at teaching the course.

Johnny is responsible for tutorials and labs. He is very nice, willing to help students out. Tutorials also guide us how to do the homeworks.This course is about the most basic concepts of computer organization. It covers instructions of the computer, computer arithmetic, computer performance, single-cycle processor architecture, pipelined multi-cycle processor architecture and memory. The contents are relatively interesting and practical as well as essential for deeper electronic studies. As an introductory course, it could give me a basic understanding and raise my interest.Professor gives very good and detailed explanation about most of the concepts. His tone of speaking makes it difficult to fall asleep, but this controversally as some friends are likely to sleep. He sometimes brings some manufactured sample ICs for us to get understanding. It is easy to find him to answer questions and it can really clear thoughts.Not many mathematics-related content, easy for students who like recite and weak at calculus. The courses is all about MIPS and how the hardwares inside a computer system work collaboratively.Lecturer is good. He is funny and his explanation is quite detail. Maybe it is because the course is easy to understand. Tutors are good and willing to answer students' questions via email.this course talk about assembly lang. Which is a low level language that can be easily understand by machine but harder for human to read. but still you can understand most of them. It talk about how would a command run in the computer in detail, and talk about calculating the efficiency of the machine.Prof Kursun is a good prof, he talk with clear english and his own powerpoint is incredible. You really dont need much revision for the exams or mid-term IF you attended all lesson and listened carefully and jot some notes.This course talks about assembly language, hardware of a processor, performance ,memory and how computer do arithmetric. It covers basic,advanced and pipeline processor. Professor XU focus more on concept things while another professor that teach this course focus more on writing assembly language.Professor XU teach quite good and interesting. TA johnny is very helpful and he explained our question quite detailed.1.introduction
2.instruction
3.arithmetic for computers
4.performance
5.single cycle architecture
6.pipelined multi-cycle architecture

I think the relatively difficult part go to chapter 2 and 6.He modified the lecture notes a lot while teaching the second chapter "instruction". This is kind of inconvenient for me to print notes. So I used the notes from the former semester.
In my opinion, he seems to have involved a lot of contents yet made it messy. The structure is not clear enough.

Maybe read the book yourself and ask questions about what you are unclear is just enough.easy just like high school.the professor speaks very clearly and loud. but the TA is always boring.55% final,
35% midterm,
10% homework,
one optional term project (one sub grade up if got above 7/10)

Good grade, but be prepared for the high mean in bith midterm and final. Overall if you in the mean range, you will get approx b/ b+You will given a chance to the an optional project consists of 2 people. If your project score (presentation & essay) above 7, your grade will be one sub-grade up (A -> A+).

There are also 5 homeworks.This course is not difficult and is quite easy to manage. Content includes signal, digitalization,coding etc. Some daily technology are also introduced.Professor is very nice and helpful. Tutorials are also useful with lots of examples provided. Examples are similar with questions in the homework assignment as well as midterm, so attending tutorials are highly recommended. All tutorials' materials will be uploaded.Straightforward content including coding and information related to modern technologies such as how cell phone calls work.
Content not deep at all but easy to follow
Students with non-engineering/science background may complain but overall it is straightforward as long as you could figure out how the rules work and logic goesProf Yuan teaches in a very clear way for students to understand the contents.The content is basically manageable and straight- forward. A total of six chapters are taught in this semester, ranging from the introduction of signals and systems to source coding.Cupid, who is the teaching assistant, is very patient and kind. She is responsible for the teaching of the tutorials. If you find any difficulties, don't hesitate to ask her both after the lecture and tutorials.
The professor speaks in monotone and the lecture notes sometimes have too many demonstrations about the sound, which I think is not necessary to attend the lectures.The content is useful which is closely related to the technology we met in daily lives. Examples provided in the lectures are easy to understand and followLecturer taught with passions. You can link the content with daily lives examples. However, it takes time to understand the calcuiation and mecahnism behind all the technologies. Attending tutorials would be userful. However, most of the tutors would prefer to write all the answers on whiteboard without guiding students who were in doubt. The tutors are general approachable after tutorials to give special guidance to those who can't follow in class. Strong support network is shown.basic idea of communication systemboring and not clearmid term is very easy, I nearly got full mark
mid term mean:43.9/60 sd:10
aim of the mid term: test your concepts and speed
final mean:98/120 sd:18
aim of the final: test your memory, math

overall 8x% =>B+
*Don't do the project, it will waste your time
*If you hate math, don't register this courseYou don't need to go to lecture and tutorial at all( but you need to read them by yourself)

5 hws( If you have sources, you can finish it in 10min)This general-education course introduces the basics of electronic and information technology and their applications to daily-life consumer electronics and communication devices. Contents include the representation of signals in the time and frequency domains; digitization of information; coding for data compression and error protection; transmission of signals; cellular mobile phones and wireless communications; and the Internet. It is expected that through studying these technologies and how they address the problems encountered in the information technology area, students will also grasp the skills in solving problems with engineering approach and spirit and appreciate how these technologies impact the societyProf was nice. TA was very helpful and more exam-orientated.not difficult to manage , some are common sense ; lecture videos are providedboth professor and ta are nice and helpful; the lecture isn't boring; the tutorial will explain all the homeworksmidterm is very easy; sd is 7 for midterm; but most people get full marks
while final is a bit difficult; sd is 1x for final
; rushing to finish;
overall got a mean which is BThere are 5 homeworks
an optional project which I prefered to skip
get a 7 mark can get a sub-grade
presentation is either during tutorial or in the lectureThe content of this course is quite easy and even you skipped lessons, you can still understand the stuffs from the powerpoints. The questions in midterm are almost the same or similar to the questions on the tutorial notes and homework. The midterm is super easy, full marks is 60 and 66 people got full marks while the mean is 56. For the final, the content is cumulative, and you have to understand the concepts more, not purely doing exercise is enough.The tutorials held by the TA are more useful.Very basic sound wave stuffs and some calculations of bits and bytes? No background on physics or calculus  is required.Boring. As there are lecture videos and the lecture notes are easy to understand, attending lectures is optional I think. Tutorials are important as they talks about the homework questions. You can get full marks in homework if you follow well in the tutorials.Easy to understand. Midterm is rather easy, similar to homework exercises.Attendance is not taken. Teaching is clear. Most of the things taught can be found in the powerpoint slides.
Tutorial is useful because it will talk about some questions which are similar to the assignments. So if you do not know how to do the assignment, you can attend the tutorials.Basic stuff about signalling, not that difficult.Actually, I did not attend much classes, so I was not that sure whether the teaching is good or not.55% final,
35% midterm,
10% homework,
one optional term project (one sub grade up if got above 7/10)

I think the grading is very good. I got full marks in midterm and rated as 35% in the final exam, but I still got an A. I heard that since many students got high marks in the exam, so they adjusted the grading with reference to the past few year. If I could do the project better, I thought the grade will be much better.The workload is not that much. Since the lecture notes were nicely organized, I just skipped most of the classes and studied lecture notes in the study break.55% Final Exam
35% Midterm
10% Homework (There will be 5 homework assignments)
0% Optional Project (One sub grade up if your project score is 7/10 or above)

Mean (excluding Optional Project) is B+.The whole course is quite easy with basic knowledge of Physics in DSE.The instructor is willing to teach and always answer questions with appropriate manner.Good grade if you are able to complete all laboratory work and the final project of moving your robot on a track. Moreover, do not miss any pop up quiz and hence you will be able to get a good grade together with your partner.The workload is fairly light if you are able to finish all the work required in laboratory, and a little bit of thinking is needed for the final part of the project.This course presents an overview, applications, fundamentals and design flow of the state-of-the-art integrated circuits (IC) and systems. Course contents include fabrication process; diodes, bipolar transistors and MOS transistors and modes of operations; and fundamental of analog, digital and mixed-signal IC design.Professor YUE's teaching is interesting.

Professor is little bit lazy. HW question copies textbook question. This means when you get the solution, u can check ur answers if they are correct.Excellent Professor. You can learn much thing not only about semiconductor but also some philosophy as an engineer.

Students will be able to
1)communicate with the language of semiconductor (diode, BJT, MOSFET, doping, Fermi-level, drift-diffusion etc.
2)operate a probe-station
3)describe the basic principles of some common circuit active elements plus photo active devices (solar cell, LED, CCD)
4)describe the effects of changing the key physical parameters of diode, BJT and MOSFET on the trend (increase or
decrease) of the output characteristics
5)match a given model to measurement data by selecting relevant parametersPerfect.Covers a broad concept of Semiconductors including various types (PN Junction, BJT, MOSFET), their function, operation, and how changing their various properties affect their usage.

He tends to focus more on the broader concepts and emphasizes the learning process rather than hardcore calculation. Be prepared to use the equations given during lectures and pay attention to them, however, the HW problems are not simply "Plug and Chug". The HW sets are short usually, but challenging and require deeper contemplation of the material.

Various PRS questions given usually every lecture count for attendance and take a certain percentage off your Final Exam's weight for every correct answer. You should take advantage of these as it's easy to get them right.

Several 10-minute quizzes given throughout the semester before Lecture.

4 Labs with an interesting first lab in which you take a tour of HKUST's Nanofabrication Laboratory. Get to see the real process of creating a silicon wafer from the first step to completion.

Final Exam: Open book, notes, computer, anything really goes, however, it is still challenging. It's a hard exam, but if you have done all the other parts of the course well, things should be fine.Perfect.About semi conductor, the working principles inside.Prof. Chan speak a little bit fast, but easy to catch up. Teach with heart.40% in final can get an A if you have hand in all the work and having average marks.(for reference only)Iprs for attendance, around 2 for each class. 4 easy labs, 6 homeworks, 6 quizes and 1 final.
If you have hand in all the work on time, taking all IPRS and do all the quizes, you can get at least a C in this course. If you can get 80% in final exam. You will directly get an A.Introduction to semiconductor physics. Topics include PN junction, BJT, MOS Capacitor, CCD, MOSFETS, scaling of devices.Mansun is a very good professor. He tried to give a qualitative explanation and get rid of the difficult mathematics, which is easier to understand. The content of his explanation is clear, but his speaking speed is quite fast and the pronunciation is sometimes not very clear. You need to pay more attention in the class.little understand of chemistry will help more in this coursethe understanding of semiconductor is hard and required students to spend a lot of time to read the lecture to understand.the final exam is open everything. students can do nearly everything except talking and taking photos. however, it is impossible to google for the exam question since all the question is newly designed by the prof. students should work hard on the lecture and have a clear understanding in order to get a good grade.students must hand in all the homework in order to get a good grade.basic concept about device is covered, such as diode, BJT, MOSFET. But don't expect it is very in-depth, after all this is only a 3xxx coursethe professor explain the concept clearly. the lecture is very useful; however, the tutor is not not good. Don't expect you can learn something from the tutorial. Mostly the tutorial notes is copied from the lecture note.Three main topic: PN junction, BJT, MOSFET.Professor teaching too fast and many people didn't focus on what he said. Teaching assistants cannot answer all the questions. Therefore, you can ask professor your question.The focus is on the physics and chemistry of semiconductor devices rather than circuit models and analysis. PN Junctions, BJTs, MOS Capacitor, MOSFET Devices and applications.No textbook, slides are explanatory enough. iPRS questions every class, the instructor is fairly good at teaching.depends on if you are interested in the topic of semiconductor or not. No matter what, the main point of this course is not its content, but its grade.clear, easy to follow, detailed step on every question. the professor and TAs are niceexcellent, the easiest course to get A range ever in ust
you must do something wrong if you cannot pass the course
you must be too lazy if you cannot get B range or above6 hw with official solution
6 in class open everything quizzes
4 labs with guidelines
attendance PRS
open almost-everything finalThis is an introductory course for semiconductor device operation principles and technology in common electronic products such as integrated circuit (IC), camcorder, solar cell, memory elements, smartcard, etc. Topics covered include Semiconductor properties, IC fabrication technology, PN junctions, Bipolar Junction Transistors (BJT), MOSFETs, CCD and the future technology trend in the electronic industry.Man Sum is a good professor.

He focus on qualitative knowledge rather than quantitative calculation.

Final Exam and quizzes are open to everythingIl corso è particolarmente complesso, fatelo solo se siete davvero interessati al corso e se siete davvero bravasfnjkandkfmIl professorolto chiaro scjkoale spiegazidfai e sgliare la claaefsse. Lesercitatodre è molto simpatico eadf riesce a meadfttere entuwdgsiasmo.Bisogna studiare tanto e duro per prendere un ottimo voto. Per pasare comincia a essere facile, ma andiamo non siamo qui per passare e basta gli esami. Anxi dobbiamo migkiore la media con e samj del generen.Non partioclsj em complesso prendere un buono voto, ma solo se limoegno e adegiatonaskfn ksndfjnkafdLogical content and haven't use in daily and not interesting and boring content. Need study by myself and I think lesson are not useful for deal with midterm and finalHave not attend any lesson.It includes almost everything you learnt from 1100, like the flip-flops, the logic gates, the K-map, with quite some other stuff like and-or-inverter (AOI), and other different type of ICs, which if you pay attention, they should not be difficult to understand.In the lecture, Vincent’s voice can make you fall asleep quite easily (for me I think, probably because the lecture is in the afternoon). But he is very patient in teaching. As for Tang Tang, he is a funny guy and I suggest you to go to every tutorial.Have not taken 1100, but heard it's similar in content.

A lot of emphasis on labs, so make sure you have a GOOD lab partner that you can work with along the way because you WON'T be able to change lab partners. Better yet, scout your lab partners as soon as possible.

Labs are either software labs or mixed labs (software + hardware). Software labs just require you to demonstrate whether your circuit works or not to TAs and answer the questions. Mixed labs require you to show them both your software schematic and you have to use actual ICs to build the circuit during the lab sessions. BONUS marks will be given to those who are able to finish the circuits quickly and successfully present them for TAs to sign.

Mini-project is basically just a lab assignment, so just treat it the same way as labs.You can review lecture videos online on the course website, so whether you attend the lectures or not is your choice.

However, I think the lecturer is quite boring with a monotonous voice most of the time, but at the same time, he can provide extra insight in some of the more difficult questions.

Tang Tang is quite helpful, so I encourage you to attend his tutorials. Humorous guy and approachable, and you can have a better understanding of the course content.Similar to ELEC 1100 such as K-Map, Boolean Algebra, Truth table, FSM, Flip Flop, etc.
New topics are VHDL(coding), decoder, MUX, PLD(Programmable Logic Device), AOI, transistor, CMOS, etc.Similar to elec1100, may be even easier than elec1100 since there is no project (just labs and a "mini project", but the project is no different from lab). Some labs need to use the software OrCAD to show the result or manipulate the IC.

This course is mainly about the introduction and some application of gates (AND gate, OR gate) by finishing the labs using ICs. After midterm would be a little bit more difficult, which is about Sequential Circuits and FSM. But it is still quite easy and straightforward.Quite well. Every lecture is recorded and can be reviewed on the course website.
Tang Tang is kind and friendly, feel free to ask him anything you do not understand.Similar to elec1100, may be even easier than elec1100 since there is no project (just labs and a "mini project", but the project is no different from lab). Some labs need to use the software OrCAD to show the result or manipulate the IC.

This course is mainly about the introduction and some application of gates (AND gate, OR gate) by finishing the labs using ICs. After midterm would be a little bit more difficult, which is about Sequential Circuits and FSM. But it is still quite easy and straightforward.Quite well. Every lecture is recorded and can be reviewed on the course website.
Tang Tang is kind and friendly, feel free to ask him anything you do not understand.similar to elec 1100 but you have to learn how to manipulate some software to draw schematic and wave form etcvery goodabove average, as long as you attend the lab the tutorial and the lecture you should be able to mean the mean score of the course, which is relatively easynot many, but remember to do all the prelab by yourself and try to do as much research about each lab beforehand to shorten your time taken in each lab, the homework doesnt count towards exam marks so it doesnt  matterThe course includes logic gates, combination logic circuits, flip flops and sequential logic circuits.Not very difficult if you attend the lectures and tutorials.Nice professor. His teaching is very clear and easy to understand.You will get good grade if you do well in midterm and final exam.  The course adapts a curved grading policy. labs accounts for 30%,midterm accounts for 30% and final accounts for40%.1 homework per 2 weeks. But you have to do labs every week, and sometimes it takes a long time to do pre-lab.Pretty much the advanced elec1100
Include VHDL code, K maps, truth table...Definitely the best Lecturers.
Clear Pronunciation
Clear Logic
Willing to help students and humorous
Prepared well for the classThe content is not as hard as other 2000-level ELEC courses. A lot is repeated from ELEC1100 and hence makes it easy to follow up.Prof. Yobas is one of the best professors. He goes slow and takes all doubts in class. He explains the concepts very well, and above all this he puts the lecture videos online. Tang Tang is one of the best TAs also. His tutorials are very extensive and cover everything that is taught in the lectures. Final examination is actually based on his second last and last tutorial questions.combinational logic
sequential logicI think Prof. teached very slowly before the midterm. He spent too much time on K-map before the mid term.mid term 30%
final 40%
lab 30%
mid term mean 50.9 sd 24
final mean 57.7 sd 24.3

The mean is B- for this course. Actually, I think you do not need to attend the lecture even you want to get a good grade. Just going to tutorial is enough.There is a lab every week. If you miss one of the labs, you fail the course.Prof. said homework is not graded.If you did all the homeworks, he said he will increase a subgrade of your final grade.(But I think it is fake)At first, it is something about advanced knowledge in ELEC1100. Then, more contents are added and some of them are more difficult. They will be useful for circuit design.I don't know too much of this.The course content is similar to ELEC1100, which is about KMAP, counters, memory. It is not difficult if you study.Professor is fine. But it seems the TA Tang Tang understands the course clearer. One important point is that Tang Tang designs the homework and the exam paper. Make sure you attend the tutorial cuz he likes leaving mistakes in the notes and explains them in tutorial. If you don't know about them, you'll spend hours in lab doing nothing.The majority of the content are from ELEC 1100 such as K-Map, Boolean Algebra, FSM, etc.I think Prof. Bermak is one of the best instructors in UST. He always makes sure to that no student in his class gets left behind by making his class interactive.

I feel that Tang Tang one of the most (if not the most) hard-working TA out there. Although it is really difficult to comprehend what he says because of his accent, he never hesitates when I asked him bunch of questions. Fun fact: he always replies my e-mails no later than 30 mins :P . More than that, he prepares all the materials of the tutorial and review questions.

If you have to review for exams, just read from his notes, they are more than enoughNo CommentNo Commentmostly basic dse m1 content.
experiences in dse m1 can easily understand the content of 70%~ of the course(eg: poisson distribution, bernoulli distribution, binomial distribution...)song is a very good passionate teacher.Attached is a Weekly Schedule for the course. The weekly schedule says a lot about the content of the course.
course have 4 parts: Basic Probability, probability in 1 random variable, probability in multiple random variables, and random process.The lecturer is Prof Song, enough said.everything before midterm is DSE level M1, and stuff after midterm is just built up on that so its simple if you took M1 in DSE. good luck if you took m2.Matthew Mckay is a super chill prof, illustrates concepts/ theories with simple examples.good grade, as mentioned, if you took M1 in DSE, you will at least have a B-.
you can bring in a cheat sheet to exams, will help a lot if you write down some examples.assignments are easy, have sources. midterm and final have similar format.The content covers the basic requirements of the probability in engineering, from single-variable probability to random process.The professor was enthusiastic and warm-hearted. He not only cared us about our academic performances but also our emotion and feedback. Plus, he would like to provide us with free lunch when we're able to come up with some suggestions about the course. The TA was also very kind and helpful. She liked to answer our questions and give us further advice.quiet interesting if you like probability.
the knowledge are useful.
if you like maths, this would be a great course.
However, the probability in this course is much harder then those you lean in secondary school.prof. teach quiet good
he explain the concept very detailed.Pretty useful contents that cover most of the basic probability theory, including several typical kinds of random variables, pmf, pdf, cdf, Central Limit Theorem, Chebyshev's Inequality, and a bit about random process.
The course is not very closely related to engineering concepts, so it can be recommended for students from science and business schools as well if they are interested in probability theory.The in-class teaching of the instructor is a bit boring, but he prepares clear and logical slides, and posts his written notes on Canvas after class.
Students can easily understand the materials even if they skip some of the classes.
The TAs are all pretty kind and willing to answer students' questions, and the tutorials can help to further understand the class materials as well.ProbabilityBoring teaching. Only 20 students attended the lesson regularly.mid term mean 75.6 sd 20.4
final mean 69.1 sd 21.2
hw1 full mrak:41 mean 38.5 sd 5.4
hw2 full mrak:60 mean 40.857 sd 17.674
hw3 full mrak:72 mean 56.68 sd16.88
hw4 full mrak:60 mean 37.5 sd 19.7

The mid term and final is easy. The question is nearly the same as your homework. Most of the difficult part of the lecture notes will not be examined.
The grading is good. The mean is BThe workload is heavy. There are 4 homeworks in a semester.
Some of the questions are very challenging.Mid term, final and assignments. A lot of formulas and theories, but we have cheatsheet so no worries.A really passionate instructor in delivering the course content. He welcomed any question from the students and he is patient in explaining the concepts to us. Sometimes it may get a bit awkward when he threw questions at us and all of us ignored him haha ;)Chapter 1: Fundamentals
Chapter 2: Resistive Networks and DC Analysis
Chapter 3: Op Amps and Circuits
Chapter 4: Reactive Elements and Transient Analysis
Chapter 5: Binary Number Arithmetic
Chapter 6: Boolean Algebra and Combinational Logic
Chapter 7: Sequential Logic

You may refer to the attachment for details.The teaching of the Prof. Ki is boring. Although he explains everything in details, the teaching pace is quite slow. As he will provide lecture videos, you may skip his lesson and watch the lecture videos by yourself.

However, even you skip all the lectures, I recommended you to attend the tutorial. Ricky will teach you exam skills and concepts in a clearer way.really basic eletronic...Ricky, Ricky, Ricky!! The best TA and the guy with best teaching in HKUST I've ever seen.
You may skipped all the lectures, but please go all the tutorials, if you do want a good grade.
And connect with Ricky if you have any difficulties.As the course title, it's the basic electronics. Very basic stuff in first few chapters, probably learnt by most students in high school. The last few chapters become more difficult when it involves logic gates and its application. Acceptable overall if you work hard enough. 7 chapters in total.Lecture videos are available. I personally find his lecture boring, so I skipped all classes. His teaching is quite ok actually, which sometimes helps understand better.Basic electronic concepts and components; DC, AC and transient analyses of analog electronic circuits; operational amplifiers and circuits; digital electronics includes binary number systems, Boolean algebra, and combinational and sequential logic.

Extensive lecture notes, tutorial note sand lab manual are provided and could be downloaded from the course website.Additional problem are posted with numerical solutions for students to conduct self-learning.
Besides web materials, students are encouraged to read the textbook to learn the subject systematically:
Textbook:D. V. Kerns Jr. and J. D. Irwin, Essentials of Electrical and Computer Engineering, Pearson, 2004/2014.

Chapter 1: Fundamentals
Chapter 2:Resistive Networks and DC Analysis
Chapter 3: Op Amps and Circuits
Chapter 4:Reactive Elements and Transient Analysis
Chapter 5: Binary Number Arithmetic
Chapter 6: Boolean Algebra and Combinational Logic
Chapter 7: Sequential Logic

This is an essential course for mech student, comparing to mech course, the content of ELEC2420 is much better. Although it becomes difficult after the mid-term, you can follow it through notes.The teaching of the professor is boring and you may be confused.
However, the lab section will become tutorial if there is no experiment. Strongly advise to attend all the lab section even though you do not attend the lecture. They will teach the exam skill and the problem of homework.The content of this course is considered quite simple and easier compared to other ELEC courses, since this course is mainly for mechanical engineering students.Prof Ki teaches the materials in detail, which may suit those who want to learn the stuff taught thoroughly, but other students may find his teaching boring. Tutorials by Ricky are really good as they are simple yet easy for students to understand, especially for those who cannot catch up with lectures. Lecture videos are also provided after lectures for students to recap the materials taught, and may be useful when preparing for the final exam.content to be tested in midterm is easy (DC circuit, amplifier).
Final exam is accumulative, including transistor, binary numbers, combinational & sequential logic. you have to know how to design logic circuit with certain functionsthe prof is clear
the tutor is enthusiastic and the tutorials are good to check your concepts.Basic use of an embedded boardLecture is just about the basic concepts. You will learn most things from lab work. Better to type your code yourself. This would help the final project. TAs are quite helpful and you can ask any questions.This course teach you the basic of using the STM32. If you are not familiar with c, don't reg this course. You will bring trouble to yourself and your project partner.Sorry I only attend the first lecture so i can't command on the teaching of prof. Woo. (i am really sorry professor) However, I attended all the tutorials and Fox's powerpoint and teaching are quite clear and to the point.Basically this course is all about STM32 microcontroller. It uses stm32f1 series microcontroller as an example, introducing many aspects of an embedded system. There are no exams and the core of this course is a self-proposed project. During this course you'll get rich hands-on experience that other elec courses might not give you.Prof. Tim Woo and TA (Fox)'s teaching is quite clear, especially Fox. His tutorials are very useful. If you attend all the tutorial sessions, lab work will be quite easy to finish(even if you skipped all the lectures).The course aims at teaching you how to create robot car.didn't attend any lecture and tutorial
some labs are difficult
There are lectures,tutorials and lab sessions held each week. The tutorial was great way to recap the things you've learnt so far during class plus also get some extra notes about the topics. Also, it's pretty beneficial as is it helps you prepare for the up-coming lab assignments. But in our case, the lectures were lagging behind the tutorial sessions.Starts off with a little bit of basic physics. Then it'll start to get a little more in depth, talking about: transistors, KCL&KVL, PWM, truth map, K-Map and logic.There are lectures,tutorials and lab sessions held each week. The tutorial was great way to recap the things you've learnt so far during class plus also get some extra notes about the topics. Also, it's pretty beneficial as is it helps you prepare for the up-coming lab assignments. But in our case, the lectures were lagging behind the tutorial sessions.Content builds on high school physics, and gives a neat introduction into concepts in electronics; in my opinion it is useful even if you are not required to take it. On top of all of these, this course is more practical-based, as Prof. Song put it: "Here, labs are more important than lectures; don't skip labs even if you skip lectures."

The Project Period in the latter part of the course gives you the freedom to design your very own logic to instruct a robotic car to complete a route (e.g. staying on track, choosing the correct branch to go, bouncing off at goal). For me it is the part of the course "you can learn most" because you are doing everything on your own. The lab opens 24h except when having labs for other courses, and the teaching team would help you with everything you need including consulting about your design. It requires textbook concepts, practical skills, debugging skills, teamwork, creativity; if not trains them.

Lectures/Tutorials/Labs:
- Energy, Power
- Basic components [lab: basic equipment]
- AC sources [lab], DC Regulation [lab]
- Pulse generation, PWM control [lab]
- Transistor [lab] & Diode & H-bridge
- KVL, KCL -------- Written & Lab midterms up to here
- Sensor [lab]
- Logic [lab], K-map, Adders
- Combinational logic, Sequential logic, D-Flip Flop
- Finite State Machine
* Tutorial prepares you for lab work with a practical insight into the lecture textbook knowledge, each lab has a tutorial beforehand

Partnering:
Starting from lab 3 all the way to lab 7 and the whole project, you will partner with someone and work in a group of 2.
You can choose your own partner and declare that together on Canvas.
If you do not yet have one by the start of lab 3, you will be matched with one.

For fun:
Mini-Content
- This is not required by the course but you can win prizes (from USB memory sticks to a quadcopter)
- This time you need to do a U-turn and complete the track from start to end then from end back to start.
- Criteria:
    1. Distance
    2. Speed
    3. Elegancy: tidiness of the car appearance (breadboard)
    4. Simplicity: no. of logic gates used to achieve the effect
- For high aimers: don't bother to demolish everything and start over. We didn't do that and costed us a rather complex design in the end.Prof. Song explained things super clearly and interestingly.
His approach to lecture is to write on the whiteboard (speedily), and he keeps everything simple and write as he speaks. He stresses on the point that being an engineer we are practical, so for example when doing some math he would skip the steps as long as everyone knows what's happening. Sometimes he uses the powerpoint for a slide or two but you can still see things link together. A very good presenter.

Before the start of lecture he usually plays some videos about recent robotics advancements, leaving behind inspiring remarks to let us imagine and think.

He makes jokes and tries his best to interact with his students too. Most of the students become friends with him. He would poke you to start a casual conversation. After lecture, he welcomes questions and we pretty much flocked to his room. Cantonese/Mandarin/English all okay. He tries to understand your level of understanding towards the concept and then interprets the concept from your perspective.

The last lecture was memorable. It was no longer about the course but more about coaching about university life and career, owing to the enrolment situation that most students here are freshmen. I can see that Prof. Song wanted to do more than transferring knowledge, but to make sense out of going to university as a norm, hence educate us to exploit our university life well.

TAs are nice also. Yimeng might have some issues with her English accents but she was kind and willing/passionate about teaching. Others assist lab operations as well as project period support well.

The teaching team was and probably will be generous enough to offer you support and even tell you not to worry in every possible ways. So just do your best, and have fun building!Overall fun course through out. Start with very basic stuffs like V=IR and then start to teach about the ICs, logic gates, and Dflipflops. Course recommended if you want to do elec comp or cpeg in the futureLecturer isn't super great at explaining, but decent. Tutorials are really good as it teaches you about every lab's solution and many calculations.Basic electronics.

The course consists of 20 lectures, 10 tutorials, and 7 labs. It talked about high-school physics, diodes, transistors, PWM control, KCL & KVL before midterm, and sensor, logic gate, K-map, logic design after midterm. The content is not very difficult, but you can go deeper if you are interested.

I think the amount and level of the content are quite appropriate for an introductory course.  However, most of the content are not necessary for the final project.Fine.
Clear notes are released before class. In fact, you don't need to go to lecture and tutorial with the notes.
Instructor and tutor are quite helpful.
Fan is from mainland and we can ask questions in Putonghua:)Content related to basics of electronic engineering. Can get a little confusing to first time students studying electronics.Teaching was decent. There was a lack of interest on my part.Grading was bad. For the amount of work I put in to the final grade, it was not that good as it is a very competitive course.A few home works and pre-laboratoriess. The main aim of the course was to design a robot car which would work after following a white line. The midterm was really hard, especially the practical part.The content was pretty chill in a way that yes, you learn new things, but no, they will not take you long to understand. It gets slightly nasty towards the end, when Finite State Machine is introduced.Teaching was fine. Professor was interactive and solved doubts even in between the class. However, the TA had an irritating accent.Good Professor. He encouraged student to ask questions and answer clearly. The teaching is clear.

Teaching of TA is also good, except her accent is quite hard to understand. But it is ok if you pay attention. She is willing to help students.Very useful, taught about PWM and general circuit design, great introduction to electrical engineering and can tell whether you want to pursue EE in the futureAbsolutely magnificent, Prof. Murch is a really nice person, constantly asking us to raise questions about the content and prepared well for each lectureMainly how to build a robot car, including some basic knowledge about logic circuit.I think the teaching in lecture is quite good but it's very easy to fall asleep since the lecturer sometimes taught too slow. However you have to listen to him carefully for sometime he speed up really quickly, covering many content in just a few minutes.
TANG, Yimeng is a TA in the lab. She's really an expert in debugging , solving any circuit problems within just a few seconds.
The tutorial is amazing, everything in it is very important in both labs and midterms, the teaching is great. Comparing to the lectures, I learn more on tutorials.students can understand basic logic design of electronics. Using different logic gate such as AND, OR or Flip-flops to build a robot car that can follow a required track. While no programming is required, the logic design should be the most important part. It is fun since learn through such a practical way.Prof. SONG is a very nice person that will not only teach knowledge about the course. He is also a good mentor to many students. In lecture, his teaching is interesting and his speech can draw students' attention. He can raise students' interest in electronics.

Off the class, students are always welcome to meet him to talk about any issue of their university life. He always gives good advice and opinion.this course is very easy to learn. though there are lots of new concepts, they are easy to understand and remember.the professor is nice and TA will be happy to help you with your problems in tutor and lab.if you devote enough time to this course, I think that you will be able to get an A or above.the project is really fun and attractive. the only problem is that the many of the componets provided in lad are broken so it's very annoying.Learn things like logic gates and transistors and other electronic components. Not difficult.

But the project is truly a pain in the ass, cause it will take way too much time debugging it.

Most of the time, even though your logic and circuits are perfect, the mechanical problem causes you endless failed trails.

Check your breadboard or use your own breadboard. Check every components and make sure they are working.Teaching is good.
TAs are nice.1. Basic Electronic Components
2. Power Consumption and Delivery System
3. AC Power Sources and Rectifiers
4. DC Power Sources and Regulation
5. IC and Pulse Generation
6. PWM Motor Control
7. Transistor and Diode Circuits
8. Motor Control by Transistor and H-bridge
9. Kirchhoff’s Laws
10. Sensor
11. Binary Number and Logic Gates
12. Boolean Algebra and K-Map
13. K-Map and Adders
14. Multi-bit Adder and Comparator
15. Sequential Logics and RS Flip Flop
16. Timing Diagram and D-Flip Flop
17. Finite State Machine

The content is very interesting, basic, and useful in electronic engineering field.
Originally, it's very easy, and then gradually, the content is getting harder. However, it's very satisfactory to make sense of all the materials with a larger scope after finishing the whole semester.
p.s. I usually understand the concepts taught in lectures after finishing the weekly tutorial and lab.The Professor's teaching is great! He always encourages us to raise questions, creating an aggressive learning atmosphere. With this atmosphere, it helps student understand the content efficiently, and it sometimes introduces us creative ideas.
Besides, the professor is  always patient with your questions. He is willing to teach you with various methods, in order to let you understand.
In short, Professor Ross is indeed a nice teacher!Introduction to electronic engineering. The course introduces different electronic components like diode and transistors, and some knowledge about logics used in electronics (Binary, flip-flop etc.). Although they don't require you to know everything in detail, sometimes things are not easy to understand.

Components and circuit structures introduced would be used to build an electro-robot (an electronic car). The car needs to go through a given track by itself (using given components and your design of the circuit). They provide you all the materials you need.Prof. FAN is passionate in his teaching. He is a professor from Mainland China but his English is easy to understand. He is also willing to answer your questions. He would try to know whether the students understand the contents.

The female TA (I forget her name...) is worse. She can't explain things clearly. I tried to focus on her teaching but I just couldn't understand. It's hard to explain but she is not as good as Prof. FAN in explaining the ideas.

In labs you may seek help from TAs if you have questions. They are quite helpful. When something doesn't work and you have no idea why, they are usually willing to spend time helping you to find out.The course content is all about basic electronic knowledge. The first few weeks are things in the high school physics, and the content become more technical such as logic and memory chip after midterm.
It is actually an enjoyable course to learn basic knowledge and apply them into a visible project.Murch, Ross is really passionate in teaching. He always encourage us to raise questions during the lecture, and try his best to clarify the concepts.
The TA,  Tang, Yiming, helps us a lot in the lab. Despite the poor accent, she is kind and nice to answer any question about the lab.In ELEC 1100, the final goal for every student is to design and build a car with given materials that can follow the white lines in the map and do different but right behavior under some rules when at the cross.
In the lecture, professor will give detailed explanations about the working functions behind the car step by step. Students are not required to fully understand the theory behind the functions while they need to be sure to know the logic in the function system and apply the functions well.
In the tutorial, TA will go through the lectures and do the groundwork for the coming lab, such as giving some examples of possible bugs.
In the lab, students need to follow the instructions to fulfill the tasks.

Speaking of the policy, there's no attendance requirement. However, concerning the pop-up quiz, absence may lead to the loss in grading.The delivery and engagement of professor and TA is quite good, and both of them are really enthusiastic in answering students questions.
On the other hand, the teaching process is slow and somehow boring. Maybe the typical mainland accent should also be taken into account.basic electronics, basic physics in electric and some logic part which i think is the difficult part.Professor Ross taught very clear, he is willing to answer your questions after class.I got almost full mark on lab, under one sd for midterm and full mark for final,  i got an A. I think grading is good.
The most important thing is to have a Good partner otherwise your workload will be crasy because you need to carry  him.The workload mainly on doing the lab. After the midterm lab bacame more difficult prelab is needed. But is wont take long 10-15mins is enough.ONLY THE LAST THREE LECTURES ARE IMPORTANT AND STAGGERINGLY DIFFICULT!.In fact those teached in the first semester are just popularization of science.But be careful of the last few lectures and some topics right after midterm.Really no comment, really he's just reading the Powerpoint and repeat somr of them, that's all.the course covers basic http://electronics.It talked about some high school physics,diodes, transistros, PWM controls, KCL, KVL before midterm, and sensors, logic gate, K-map, logic design after midterm. The content is not very difficult. But the final project may be a bit hard.Fine.
Lecture notes are released before class.
Instructor and tutor are helpful.

You can ask many questions in labs if don't know how to do it.Content is not too heavy and interesting even for those who are not intending to major in electrical engineering field.Instructor is more than happy to answer questions all the time. If lecture content is confusing, you should approach the instructor, he will explain the content really clearly.At the beginning the contents of the course are very easy, most of which are high school physics like basic knowledge about circuits. But later there are new things like ICs, diodes, transistors, PWM control, KCL&KVL, logic design, DFF etc. fundamental stuff of electronic engineering, which is interesting and not hard to understand. However,the contents of lectures are not closely related to labs or tutorials.Good overall.
The professor is enthusiastic about electronic engineering and some of the students are quite engaged in his class. But sometimes his explanation is not clear and satisfying enough.
The TA is outstanding who excels at this subject and is always very kind and helpful.The content covers, from most basic electronics (such as Ohm's law, power, current) to introductory logic. The scope of the course is pretty interesting and easy to keep up with and at the end of the course, you are expected to build a car which would be following a white line with your lab partner.Professor Fan Zhiyong was one of the best professors I've had this semester. He is pretty enthusiastic about the content, and he interacts with students well enough to know their names, which is pretty rare in the university environment. TA Yimeng Tang is also a  very good instructor, she was especially very helpful in the lab sessions, she definitely knows her subject well.Lab assignment 22/22 (22%)
Quiz 28/30 (8%)
Written Midterm 79/100 (20%)
Lab midterm 14/15 (15%)
Demo+ Report + interview 35/35 (35%)
overall A+Like physics,  Then it'll start to get a little more in depth, talking about: transistors, KCL&KVL, PWM, truth map, K-Map and logic.Content builds on high school physics, and gives a neat introduction into concepts in electronics; in my opinion it is useful even if you are not required to take it. On top of all of these, this course is more practical-based, as Prof. Song put it: "Here, labs are more important than lectures; don't skip labs even if you skip lectures."

The Project Period in the latter part of the course gives you the freedom to design your very own logic to instruct a robotic car to complete a route (e.g. staying on track, choosing the correct branch to go, bouncing off at goal). For me it is the part of the course "you can learn most" because you are doing everything on your own. The lab opens 24h except when having labs for other courses, and the teaching team would help you with everything you need including consulting about your design. It requires textbook concepts, practical skills, debugging skills, teamwork, creativity; if not trains them.Prof. Song explained things super clearly and interestingly.The contents generally involves some basic physics like ohm's law,KCL, and KVL, binary numbers and boolean operator and basic understanding about some ICs like H-bridge, comparator, and the most challenging in my opinion  D addition, there are 7 labs that requires you to build the robot that can follow the white line for your final project and you need to be patient for debugging the circuits that you build.The teaching is quite decent, so you may  skip some lectures. However, you need to take special attention that there are 3 pop-quizzes that will appear in the lecture. The tutorials may be helpful for you to understand more about the labs.Teaches first about the circuit used to drive the motor, which includes components like counter, comparator, timer, switch and Hbridge. Very interesting content if you take the effort to understand it.Murch Ross explained everything very well and encouraged students to ask questions. However, if you miss a lecture, the resources(by which i mean just the PPTs) are horribly bad for self study.The course aims at teaching you how to create robot car. Interesting but too low level for meThere are lectures,tutorials and lab sessions held each week. The tutorial was great way to recap the things you've learnt so far during class plus also get some extra notes about the topics. Also, it's pretty beneficial as is it helps you prepare for the up-coming lab assignments. But in our case, the lectures were lagging behind the tutorial sessionsthe course aim to provide knowledge building car follows a white line. It is not very useful but has a lot of funLecture has almost nothing to do with the actual work you do in the lab. the only content that is important is the lecture about Logic and K Maping. the tutorial , however , is very important to the lab section , which is building your car.Overall fun course through out. Start with very basic stuffs like V=IR and then start to teach about the ICs, logic gates, and Dflipflops. Course recommended if you want to do elec comp or cpeg in the future.Lecturer isn't super great at explaining, but decent. Tutorials are really good as it teaches you about every lab's solution and many calculations.I think the contents are pretty easy to handle, most parts are quite straight forward. if you have some electrical engineering foundation, you might do very well.I think the professor might not be very good at english speaking but the teaching is pretty easy to understand because again the contents are easy. Also I think the TA is very nice, patient and professional.It covers the basic electroc engineering principle and techniques.
After this course, student will apply the knowledge and principles learnt to design and build a functional robot by themselves.
If you like to build up any things by yourself, it will quite fun and interesting.The tutorial is good. Tutor will try her best to let us understand all the principle of this robot making by logic. If you have any problems, just ask the tutor or TAs bravely.The content is well-organized. It contains basic electronic knowledge as well as some basic logic. The last seveal classes will be challenging but very useful for the final project so pay much attention to them. There will be quizzes, midterm, lab midterm and a final project which can help to enhance the knowledge.The teaching was very good, both the lecturres and tutorials. The instructor and TA teahes very well and demonstrate very good. It's very easy to follow the teaching content because the speed of lectures and tutorials was pretty satisfying. There was lots of instructions in labs as well and they are very happy to give some suggestions. However, the teaching lacks a little passion to attract students.The content is good . And the project is fun . You need to learn the theory of practical theory . The lab require a group of two . If you can finish within two mins , then you can add marks.The teaching is with heart. The professor teach the content very clearly. I learn it very fast by the help of professor.Very interesting. Nice as a starting point or fun side project. You have to build a line-following robot with pure circuitry, no embedded system programming.The prof is very nice and helpful. On the nights before the deadline, he stayed till very late in the lab to help the teams.Not bad, but everything depends on how the robot ultimately functions in the showcase, have to do a lot of trial-runs to be certain.The robot itself takes up quite a lot of time. When you do it, it is a good idea to first design it and then record the connections somewhere, i.e. excel, and color code them. Otherwise with the sheer amount of wires you'll have on the board, it is near impossible to find anything under 5 mins.Teaches basic stuffs about circuits and logic. Can be considered fun if you are not too terrible at it. Easy labs and are quite interesting for freshmen to get some experience in handling electronic stuffs. Written mid-term and lab mid-term, with a final project building a car. Pretty cool. You can't miss out the labs, but the lectures are optional, except those with quiz.This course has many instructors, for lectures, labs and so on. SONG is a really great professor. Extremely friendly and helpful. Definitely an A+ for this. He is always at the lab, and reaches out to students. Cares about what you learn, cares about how you did, and most importantly cares about your grade :)KCL KVL are the only calculation, clear concept is ok ga la (provided not slept in lecture :]
not extremely difficult thingssong is my official prof, but i hv sat in johnny's lecture in fall.
both are devoted prof and they are the rare prof that can catch my attention in class
song always encourage students with emails and in lectures, willing to answer questions or even chat with you if you like, hving good command of all cantonese mandarin and english.
johnny is more like secondary school teacher, but is a very good hk style teacherThe course starts with very basic physics stuff, V=IR, W=VI, etc.
Then the contents advance to more electrical field, transistors, resistors, capacitors, timers, pulse-width modulation (PWM), KCL and KVL are contents covered before the midterm.
After midterm, logic gates, boolean algebra and flip flops, finite state machines are also introduced.Song is a very nice professor. He teaches with heart, and is willing to answer any questions (course relavent or irrelevant, both OK). He uses handwritten notes for the class instead of PPTs.Building an electro-robot, with Navdroid and ICs.
Basics of electronics and EM are taught.
Topics:
Energy (AC/DC Power Source)
Pulse Generation/Pulse Wave Moderation (PWM)
Transistor
Kirchhoff's Voltage/Current Law

After the mid-term, the topics are related to the final car.
Logics/K-map
Sequential Logic
Flip Flops
Finite State MachinesSelected Prof. Shen's lecture. The lecture is a bit boring, yet essential to know what you are going to do in the final project. You can email/contact them if they want a chat about the car, or any ideas/obstacles that you think of. Prof. Song visits the lab periodically and you can ask questions meanwhile.

Dr. Tang is the IA of the course. She is responsible for the demos and lab sessions throughout the course. You can find her for administrative matters and such.dse phys in the beginning
more difficult after mid term(logic

need to use the knowlegde we learnt to complete the final demo

it is fun!Great
one of the best prof!!
interesting lessons, never bored
always send long emails to us to encourage(?) us
well-prepared for every lesson
not just reading the ppt
really amazing!!The content of this course is very fundamental. They are easy to learn. However, you have to spend a fair amount of time to think of the ways to apply them when you are building the robot. Personally thinking, the course content is very easy. If you really want to learn something and to find out whether you want to major in ECE, this isn't a suitable course to take. However, it is one of the required course to fulfill your major requirement thus it is a compulsory course.The lecturer isn't good in explaining due to low command of English. However, the TA is really good at explaining. Attending tutorial is a must as you are able to get the overview of the contents of the previous lecture and the hints to the lab tasks.basic easylec - norm
tut - norm + goodeazy
really eazy
if u go to lab and do the work and know how to do lab by yourself you will be able to ace the lab exam.
For the mid term exam you actually have to revise what you learnt from the lectures and the tutorials.
Better to use tutorial ppts for your labs and your lecture slides for your exam.little heavy
1 laboratories per 2 weeks can be little bit challenging if you can't really manage your time properlycontent is complicated. I don't know what is being taught actually. However, it doesn't seem to be necessary for scoring this subject.I have no idea what I learned from this and tests are not really into what has been taught but need a bit for the projectgrade is good. written exams are easy and tests are easy too. Just be careful of mistakes.there's no work load until the final project. If you can finish the final project fast enough, then there's no workload at all.You cannot learn much in lectures. The tutorials and the labs are very important and useful. I think it focus more on practice than theory.
The final project will be very interesting and maybe annoying sometimes.
3 quizzes.
BUT!!! Take care of the midterm exam...It was very hard for me...Adequate but boring...
As long as you work hard on the labs, you can almost ignore the lectures. (Though it's not a good idea)
TAs are very nice. They will give you a lot of help.Useful and basic knowledge for students who want to have a taste of electronic engineering.  V=IR, AC DC power supply, logic gates, KCL,KVL......
Most of them are pretty basic.The TAs and Teachers teach well.  The powerpoint isn't too long and is simple and clear.  Somehow a little bit boring.Very Interesting content. Enjoyed it. I didn't have any basic knowledge at all about robots and I found the course very interesting and quite easy if you study well enough.Teaching style is a bit boring. The first few lectures are very easy, but towards the end, you need to concentrate during lectures.The content is quite useful in your preparation for the elec major. Basicaly you can study about basic circuits, function of many electric devices such as diode and sensors and logic gates. At the end of semester, you gain the chance to design your own circuit with logic and build your own robot.It is quite hard to understand what the teacher is talking about. For my professor, his pronunciation became impediment in my understanding. I understood the lecture stuff by self study throughout the semester and it was tough semester for me.Through hands-on labs and term project, complemented with lectures
and tutorials, you will be able to:
Analyze and design simple analog circuits, combinatorial and sequential logic circuits, and design and implement simple feedback control strategies.
Build and debug real engineering system following a hierarchical design principle.
Work in a team environment: learn and practice effective project and time management.
Execute a complete project from problem formulation.
Problem with conventional teaching:
Current education system was developed in the industrial revolution and does not evolve to the information era
Teaching knowledge, but not how to apply the knowledge
School never tells students that the taught knowledge may become obsolete upon graduation design/implementation, up to verification and documentation.No CommentThe course is basically for everyone, it's OK if you don't have a decent science background. The knowledge you need to build the final project, which is a robot car will be covered up in the lectures throughout the semester. They include big topics such as PWM control, transistor, H bridge, KCL/KVL, logics, kmap, and finite state machine, all of which are important parts for you to complete your robot car.Prof. Song is a really cool and nice professor. He interacts quite actively with students in class and has been a great help especially when we were building up our cars. He speaks Mandarin, Cantonese and English all pretty well.The content is easy. Prior physics knowledge comes in handy when dealing with mid-term written exam. There is a few (i.e. 2-3) in-class quiz throughout the course so skipping class might risk getting a 0 for a particular in-class quiz.Prof. Song is very nice. He doesn't read off the powerpoint, interacts and explain the concepts in detail. During the final project period, he always comes by the lab to give students advice.Contains 8-9 labs...which actually teaches everything for the final project demonstration. The tutorials are a must, since you get to know of the quizzes and way to work in the labs. Teaches the lab equipment handling skills. At last, the project is there which allows you to have a first hand experience of robotics, circuits etc.

One midterm...written
Labs are marked
3 quizzes (very easy for regular class participants)The lectures can get a bit boring, but the professor I got (Mr. Antonelli), was very friendly and helped me clear all my doubts. A special heads up for Yimeng, TANG. She helped me the most during the course and never hesitated to stay back during tutorial/labs to clear my doubts.Content are simple, just basic physic, so everyone can be able to handle them.Prof.Fan did a good job in teaching. Well I slept alot during the class but that wasn't his fault. He did put effort in it.You should have heard of it by now....
One of the best in term of grading.....
You should study the midterm exam because there are quite much of luck factor in the final project so it's safer to do as well as you can in midterm.Final project can be harsh if you enter the lab in the last 3 days. If you give it time and effort it should be ok.You could really learn a lot after taking this course. The best part of ELEC1100 is the lab,where you get a chance to apply the knowledge from lectures. If you have already learnt some basic Highschool knowledge in Physics about electric circuit, the content won't be hard at all to be honest.For me, Prof.SIN's spoke too slowly that I often fell asleep. Or maybe because I was taking his 9AM class. But the nice thing about him is that he is always willing to answer questions, so just go and ask him!

By the way, another important thing is to ask the TA,who will be in charge of all the exams and the final project. Any time you have a question in your mind, just throw it to the TA. My TA was really helpful.These course will teach you the basics of electronics, and the skills and design of a basic robotics system(e.g. how to use sensors and the signal they produced to guide the robot). It is a enjoyable course as you will have chance to implement the knowledge you learn in classes and labs to the final project and build something real.Professor Song is a very knowledgeable and nice teacher, he will alway answer your questions and explain difficult topic very clearly. You will definitely enjoy his lesson.Although different from a typical first electronics course, ELEC 1100 is almost fully designed for the aim of the final project. General notions in the beginning, then useful information for the project. The labs are well designed and relatively well structured.No CommentPPTs and notes exist and are sufficient. Lab Notes are comprehensive. But you have to figure out the 'why' of everything yourself. The beginning is slow paced and easy to understand. If you're unfamiliar with the breadboard the practicals may take time getting used to.

Oh and do attend lectures because you never know when the four surprise quizzes might surprise you. And they should be an easy 8 percentFor those who have not studied this previously, the basics were not explained. Prof may have been good, but the teaching left a lot to be desired. So really, it's a trap for newbies who want to know bout elec but have no background and skill.The content of the course is quite easy. Basic electrical circuit and logic control. All the lab is to teach you to complete the final project.The teaching is quite interesting and fun. Easy to understand the concept of the content of the course. Prof. is funny.Grading is good if you can complete the final project and attend all the lab and quiz.
Should have B or above if you can.Quite heavy workload.
Have a final project, two person a group.
Every week have lab and need to do pre-lab.
A few assignment and a few pop up quiz during lecture.
But only have written mid-term and lab mid-term, no final.The Overall Course Is To Create An Automated Car To Follow A Path Including Straight Lines, Curves, Corners, Splits, And Moving Backwards.Nothing Special Compared To Other Classes.Grades Are Absolutely Great. Consist Of Weekly Labs, Sudden Quiz, Written Mid Term, Lab Mid Term and Final Project. Procedures Of Labs Can Be Easily Followed And Done Within 3 Hours To Get That Bonus 3 Marks. Sudden Quizs Are Open-Booked. Written Mid Term Only Consists Of Few Items To Revise. Final Project Is To Demonstrate The Car.Good If You Have A Normal Groupmate. Otherwise, Quite Hard If You Have To Do The Project Yourself.The begining of the course is slow-paced and very easy to understand it's about high-school level physics and brief introduction of basic electronics components.

But things get slightly complicated towards the end. You can learn new things like kcl/kvl, logic and final state machines.Basic knowledge about probability and some of his work. However, statistic material was not covered at all. The course ended with the random process.Very explicit. The class was very small. So there was much communication between the professor and us.Absolute grading, easy to get A or above. I personally got 95%, which was not hard if you could get a full mark in homework and midterm.Very light. There are only 4 assignments and I spent about 3 hours on each. The tutorial covered some relevant problems but you can just ignore them if you wanted to have your dinner earlier.probability and random process
pmf pdf cdf variance covariance mean
for
single double and multiple
random variablesvery good teaching
handwritten notes and pdf notes are both provided as well as tutorial notes and other supplementary materials
the prof is really enthusiastic and he wants us to learn this well so he prepared very carefully and always create some class interactionThe differences between ELEC2600 and ELEC2600H are located in the last two parts
Part I: Basic Probability Theory
Lecture 1: Course Introduction, Probability Models
Lecture 2: Random Experiments and Probability Axioms
Out-of-Class Reading: Set Operations
Lecture 3: Conditional Probability & Independence
Out-of-Class Reading: Counting Methods
Lecture 4: Sequential Experiments

Part II: Single Random Variables
Lecture 5: Discrete Random Variables, Expected Value and Moments
Lecture 6: Conditional Mean and Important Discrete Random Variables
Out-of-Class Reading: Conditional PMF
Lecture 7: Continuous Random Variables, CDF, PDF
Lecture 8: Expectation of Continuous Random Variables
Lecture 9: Function of a Random Variable

Part III: Multiple Random Variables
Lecture 10: Pairs of Discrete Random Variable
Lecture 11: Pairs of Continuous Random Variable
Lecture 12: Independence, Joint Moments
Lecture 13: Conditional Probability, Conditional Expectation
Lecture 14: Function of 2 Random Variables
Lecture 15: Multiple Random Variable and Expectation
Lecture 16: Jointly Gaussian Random Variables
(Be careful of the formula in L16 and remember to write it on the cheat sheet. It was tested this time)
Lecture 17: Laws of Large Numbers
Lecture 18: Central Limit Theorem and Characteristic Function

Part IV: Stochastic Process
Lecture 20: Definition of a Random Process
Lecture 21: Mean and Autocorrelation of Random Process
Lecture 22: Discrete Time Random Process
Lecture 23: Continuous Time Random Process
Lecture 24: Stationary Random Process, Ergodic ProcessAustralian English. Fluent speaking. Teaching is kind of fast. Provide extra materials (such as his research) and promote his PG course (ELEC 6910H - Random Matrix Theory and Applications (3 units)) during class.This is basically a math course, based on complex exponential and euler's formula. Topics include CT and DT signals, impulse and frequency response, CT/DT Fourier Series/Transform, sampling theorem, differential equation representation of system and Laplace Transform. This is not an easy course and requires understanding, but it will be useful in signal processing area.When I take this course, they have changed to so-call "Blended Learning", which all the lectures are online. The "lecture" you see on the timetable is actually a class meet which you are provided with exercises to do it there, and those are graded. The online lectures are a bit boring, but it will be difficult for you to understand the topics just by reading the powerpoint, luckily the video can be sped up so it souldn't be a big problem. The TA hosting the tutorials explain the topics pretty well. Even if you are so busy that you didn't watch the lecture video, you are still strongly recommended to attend the tutorials.This is an introductory course for signal and system analysis. The course covers signal analysis tools including continuous- and discrete-time Fourier series and Fourier transform, and Laplace Transform; interactions between signals and linear time invariant (LTI) systems, and differential and difference equations as LTI systems, sampling theorem; and application examples in communication and control systems. MATLAB introduced as an integral part of this course.

The main focus will be on Fourier transform.The teaching of Albert is not so interesting as he read the content of the powerpoint most of the time, but he sometimes will do the proof of some difficult concept.
You'd better attend all the tutorial. MY can explain all the concept of the course very clearly and will teach you how to do questions similar to homework and exams.The content had a lot of mathematics in it. Complex numbers, Fourier and Laplace analysis were the primary topics of the course.The professor was very boring and monotonous. His pace was very slow as well. He luckily posted lecture videos on canvas, which helped in reviewing the lectures. The TA MY Chang, on the other hand, was great. Her tutorials were very important and I would suggest you attend them, for great revision.This course has many Maths to deal with. It first teach about Euler's formula ,complex number and basic signal. Then it covers system like LTI system and to find out the output by impulse signals. Finally it talks about frequency domain of a signal-----   Fourier Transform and Series.TA M.Y. is quite good. She is one of the best TA in ELEC department. She has been TA of this course for  many years. She is very helpful.Course content included: basic concepts and skills in Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Audition, HTML5 animations, Android App development, video making, and so on. Labs and lectures consisted of different aspects of the mentioned topics, both of which were interesting to me. The skills taught were carefully designed so that it was not too hard for students with no background (which also means it was a little boring for students with background).James was a great professor with lots of energy and passion in what he taught, and he taught the course quite well. With slides, examples and guest speakers, the lectures were pretty interesting.1. Image Processing - Adobe Photoshop
2. Audio Processing - Adobe Audition
3. Google Web Designer
4. Video Editing - Adobe Premiere Pro
5. Adobe After Effect

The content is quite interesting and I have learnt lots of adobe software in this course.The teaching is quite well. Lots of TA with specific ability will take part in different lab session. But sometime, there have some technical problem in the lab each as the link provided in the lab is broken so we cannot get the material. This make me feel the TA did not prepared well before the lab session.

The teaching of Prof.SHE is quite clear, but the concept teach in the  lecture is quite easy. The mid-term exam is open book and student can bring their own computer or device to search the answer of the question. After the mid-term, many people skip the lesson because this course did not contain final examination.Personally, I am extremely interested with Media topics and this course  can fulfill and reach my expectation. However this course teaches the basic things from pixels concepts to how to film a short video to sell products. I thing its quite interesting but it is very difficult  to find a good groupmate, which is extremely important, as most homework are in group form and it is very frequent to meet some freeriders,The tutors in the lab session is not enough  for teaching alll students ,as most students will meet problems in the lab session and raise up their hands to ask them.  It is also very frequent for waiting so long for tutors to come to answer you and teach you personally.Lecture materials include some design principles and basic knowledge of digital file format (graphic/sound/vdo etc). Mainly for the 10% midterm and that's it. I personally think the content taught don't deserve 3hr per week. Lecture won't cover the technical skills on the design softwares which occupy 90% grading of the course.

Lab sessions cover several design softwares (Photoshop, Google Web designer etc). Very basic skills taught.Even the TAs don't know well how to use those software.........The course content is very useful if you love creation. Adobe photoshop, affect effect, audition, Google web designer

They taught many software and you can use it in the future.James is a hongkonger. He is friendly only his voice is a little bit boring.Besides design principles and other digital media knowledge, it teaches you the basics of

1. Image Processing - Adobe Photoshop
2. Audio Processing - Adobe Audition
3. Google Web Designer
4. Video Editing - Adobe Premiere Pro
5. Adobe After Effect

Even if you are not a media technician guy, you will find yourself capable when you would like to deliver a digital media product after this course.Overall not bad. Clear concept but the pace is slow. Many people skip classes.The lectures are pretty interesting, gives you a deeper understanding to how media and technology compensate each other.Prof She is an amazing professor, very engaging. The lab sessions is however not taught by him - not that engaging or interesting. It's very hard to follow through labs.Very confused about how it is graded - very subjected because you're graded regarding "creativity". The amount of time spent has no co relations with the end result.Way. too. much. for. a. common. core. Too much. There's a weekly lab (basic task + creative task), inclass activities, out-of-class activities, midterm exam, midterm project and final project. The only thing that's nice is that there's no final exam. The weekly lab workload is quite a lot. Basic task can be finished in lab time, creative task usually needs to be done over the weekend. Midterm project was assigned before midterm break (during midterm period) and has to be finished the day after midterm break ends. Midterm exam is open book, but it's not all that easy.This course is mainly for students without any background in design and using softwares to create masterpieces in line with some requirements. For students who are familiarized with such topic, the course content may sound stupid and boring.
For media production, key topics include: creating animation and mini webpage using Google Web Designer,  image, video and audio editing through Adobe Photoshop, Premiere and Audition. Some basics about Adobe After Effects will also be covered.

For media knowledge, key topics include color in computers, pixel, chroma keying, different types of image storage format, sound wave etc.Similar to many other courses, there are both lecture(2hrs) & lab sessions(2hrs) in ELEC1020. Lecture sessions cover media knowledge, the professor is passionate in teaching, keen to answer questions and raise student's interest over the course material. However, the professor's speaking tone is somehow robotic and there is much room of improvement for his oral English. Many students just use their own laptop/mobile during lecture and seldom pay attention to class.
The lab sessions are taught by current PG students(Teaching assistants) and cover the media production part which is partially mentioned in the previous lecture. The teaching style of different TAs varies, but you are still free to ask the TAs any questions, there are usually more than 3 of them standby to clear student's doubts and they are always helpful throughout the entire lab session.The content is not so hard, starting from basic electronic circuits to diodes and capacitors and inductors. The calculation can get little bit hard at the end of the course but homeworks can make you understand better.It was 9 AM class in the morning and I was one of 5~10 people attending lectures. The professor waited at least 5~10 minutes for these students who attended the lecture regularly. However, in terms of teaching, he was so monotonous and as this was 9 AM class, I had to fight not to fall asleep. Understanding his pronunciation was not difficult and he actually taught quite well.The content is simple before midterm. Starting from Midterm, the content was getting a little bit harder.The lecture teaching is quit boring.(I nearly skipped all the lectures.)
However, the tutorial is quite interesting and useful for HW and exam. If you want to get a fair grade, you should attend it.The content is quite basic. Starting from Ohm's Law, the course teaches essential parts of electronic circuits. After finishing this course, we should be able to understand the construction of the components and their function.Professor CHEN can speak English quite well with almost no accent. To be honest, his oral English can be the most enjoyable one compared to other mainland professors'. However, when talking about teaching, I would like to say that it was quite boring. The professor would just read the lines on the ppt. In addition, since it was a 9 a.m. class, there were only 3 people attended the lecture when it approaches the end of the semester.
Ricky was an enthusiastic TA. He's knowledgeable and passionate all the time. He's also responsible for the course. If there's a time conflict between your schedule and his tutorial, he would like to offer you an individual one as long as you ask him to do this favor. Meanwhile, he also arranged the review sessions before midterm and final exams. He's a lovely guy. :)Laws for solving electronic circuits:
KCL, KVL, Thevenin and Norton Theroems, superposition, nodal and nash analysis, Opamp, ac, transient analysis, transfer function, diodes, transistors,Attending only tutorials is enough to pass all the exams for this course, while letures are more about extension and implementations of the circuits. Ricky teaches with passion and will let you understand every key concept. The exam only focus on calculating, and everything other than calculating seems useless to learn in this course.
Being familiar with the calculator will be a plus when taking the exams. Use a 100$ casio calculator to deal with the comlex numbers will be a lot faster than searching in google or wolfram.How to do exercises about circuits.Go to tutorials and they will be enough for exams.
For me, labs themselves are difficult if you want to understand them entirely. But finishing them is not difficult unless you meet with annoying bugs (I have met several times. But they allow late submission without penalty).This course is just about the basic analysis of circuit. One midterm, one final.The instructor's English is pretty nice, just a bit dull. Yet he did not spend a minute on useless things, basically just going through example after example.

For exam, just follow Ricky(TA), then you will be fine. The coverage of the lecture is a lot wider than required in the exams.
For lab, just follow the instruction ,pretty standard.signal transfer, Networksignal transferquite good , the professor teach clearly and not boringfair, do all the homework , midterm and final below mean a little bit got a C4 homeworks ,one midterm and one final and need to attend about 10 labs but all the labs have source to follow so it is not very difficult, but every labs have after lab online quiz and its about 5 mc questions . You need to understand the lab content clearly so you can ans them correctly and the mean of the quiz is quite high.The amount of content is not that big. There are a lot of chapters this course is covering, however as this is 1000 level course, they do not go into deep levels. You can basically learn a lot of creative things. Once more, the concept is not hard but a lot.TEACHING
The way professor tries to teach is pretty good. He tries to relate all the concepts to real life problems so that students could easily understand. However, after the mid-term as content got little bit difficult, I had tough time understanding the concept. I had to watch youtube videos to understand clearly.This course is about basic communication system, with first 2/3 of the course focusing on precise communication between two points and last 1/3 on communication networks. Last 1/3 requires some memorization.Prof Murch is very passionate and explains things in a clear way and uploads class video in time on canvas. He also constantly encourages us to answer questions. But since it's 9:30am class, sometimes I'm a bit sleepy. The TAs Allie and Cupid are very helpful and friendly during lab sessions.The amount of content is not that big. There are a lot of chapters this course is covering, however as this is 1000 level course, they do not go into deep levels. You can basically learn a lot of creative things. Once more, the concept is not hard but a lot.The way professor tries to teach is pretty good. He tries to relate all the concepts to real life problems so that students could easily understand. However, after the mid-term as content got little bit difficult, I had tough time understanding the concept. I had to watch youtube videos to understand clearly.a lot of different areas like Internet layers and MATLAB information transfer. it is based on the same introduction course of ELEC in MIT, so the content is good and well organised.OK but the instructor encourage students to seat in the front and he seldom uses microphone. after midterm, the content became more and he always run out of time at around 3-5 minutes which is acceptable.Introductory course for communication system. Starting with understanding of bit sequence, this course analyses aspects of different communication levels.Very interesting, clear, and focused.This course mainly talk about the communication in computer network. It will focus on five of the seven layers of the OSI model. The lab on each week focus on the knowledge you learn on previous week and will definitely help your understanding. There would be a post-lab interview which would ask you about the things you just done in the lab, so make sure you know what you are doing in the lab rather than just following the instructions without thinking. Tutorial covers the upcoming lab and the pre-lab exercise, so register a time slot that is before the lab session. If you are confident enough, you could skip the tutorial and read the lab manual and ppt on your own.Prof. SHI is very good at teaching. He has a nice accent and his in-depth explanation makes no difficulty in understanding. He is also very nice and willing to answer most of the questions. The lecture notes are good in general except the comic sans...
But many of the TAs have bad pronunciation and sometimes difficult to understand, so be careful when choosing TA to do the post-lab interview.If you have no previous knowledge about network or signals, it will be an ideal course to have an overview for them. The course content compared to 1100 is kind of boring as there is not enough practical experience. The lab is useful and even if you miss the lecture, the video clips are pellucid.The professor basically follows the notes slide by slide and I recommend watching the video clips to study the content. Feel free to ask any questions in the class.All of the stuffs are boring.
If you do not require to take this course, don't take it.
If you study this course in fall semester, even you got below mean in both mid term and final exam, you can still get a B+Normal50% calculation
50% data content
not very hard calculation just simple
need to memorize the contentnormal, not too bored
murch quite nice
willing answer questioninfinite B range
midterm: below 0.7SD
Final: Below 1SD
LAB all done
Pre-lab
Homework all done
Finally getting a Bone lab per week
need to hand in pre-lab exercise before the lab start
have post-lab interview which TA will ask question about the linkage between lab and lecture
3 homework in 1 semester (mainly calculation and drawing chart)
midterm quite easy
Final cover all the materials in lesson cumulativelyInteresting introduction to signal transmission.  It covers difficulties in wirless communication, baisic signal processing, error correction, data transfer methods, protocols, layers, etc.Professors and TAs are fluent in English, nice and helpful in answering enquires.  Lecture notes, tutorial notes and lab manuals are well prepared and informative.  This course has the best  teaching in my opinion.The content is pretty interesting and gives a great amount of information on various topics basically covering everything about the transmission, communication and reception of a signal.The professor is great and he takes initiative to meet you after class and often comes to the labs just to inquire about your course progress and actively asks for feedback on his teaching, and about the course. He has a great accent and I personally loved the way he taught in class. Even if you meet him outside the class, in the corridor, he would greet you if he remembers your face from the class. Even the TA, Cupid Chow, was pretty cheerful, and the notes that she prepared were pretty great. You will not mind going to classes for this reason. Apart from that, both, the lectures and tutorials are only 50 minutes long. Hence, it should not be a problem.Basic wireless communication theory, signal processing and error correction in the first half of the course, and the second half covering internet protocols and data transfer methodologies. This course feels like the first step before taking ELEC2100.Both the professors have very fluent English and teach well, but the course easily gets boring when there is no interactivity between lecturer and students. More than a few times, the professor would ask simple questions in class but no student would bother answering even if they knew the answers, making it clearly frustrating for the professors and even less interesting for the class.Covers basic ideas of communication systems. Some of them are quite in-depth and challenging. The topics range from software to hardware. It uses MATLAB for coding.This A is definitely for Yimeng. She is amazing. She replies email very promptly. She explains things clearly and patiently. She is also very organized and responsible. Thumbs up!if you know I'm being sarcastic

if this is an elective pls don't take
if you think the topic is interesting just take it in your exchange semester or sth don't take it hereTEACHER IS SO BAD
DONT TAKE THIS COURSE
I REPEAT
DONT TAKEA basic intro to Control Theory. Topics covered were the root locus, PID Controllers, state space representation, as well as linearisation. Unfortunately, the course was very theoretical. I would like to actually have implemented a bit more of what we learned.The Lecturer was very good, the lab Was were not very motivatedThe course is all about control theory. The materials are actually quite useful in many applications. A must learn for ECE students.The lecture might be slightly sleep inducing. You need to do some self study in order to fully understand the course.It is very easy to get A range as long as you treat your homework carefully. The midterm is easy but final is quite hard. TheModerate workload. The lab report is fairly easy to write. There are 5 problem sets in total. Each may take 1 ~ 2 hours.This is a broad elective from the ELEC 3000 series (which you may have realised coz of all the prerequisites for this course).

This course involves a lot of calculations requiring skills from solving differential equation sets to Laplace Transform to calculating signal NORM. (it's nothing really, coz in the exam you are allowed to use MATLAB to solve pretty much everything.)

Majority of the course is on finding overall system transfer functions and relationships between system variables & coefficients. Optimization was taught mostly in the last part but is also involved in the 1st & 2nd labs so its advised to really read through the content and get to know what you are about to handle.

If your mathematics / logic skills are not that good, or you seldom attend classes,  DO NOT TAKE THIS COURSE.I am sure Prof QIU is professionally qualified in teaching system control, I mean he wrote the course textbook himself, but I must stress that THE COURSE ORGANIZATION IS JUST ABYSMAL.

The lab schedule was not released right until after add-drop period so we couldn't properly plan our timetables. Of course when it was released, BOOM, all classes clashed.
The professors' argument was if they put up the lab schedule early, students would be reluctant to join the course coz of the 3 hour lab period. I mean WTF, students will not join a course depending on how long the lab is , we've been through 2200 and 2400 we are accustomed to 3 hr lab sessions. Get to grip man.
OH, AND BEST OF ALL, ALTHOUGH WE HAVE LAB SESSIONS, WE DONT HAVE TUTORIAL SESSIONS.Laplace transform
modeling
PID control
optimal controllernormal
not interesting
but the professor knew control very wellmid term:
mean:55 sd:23
final:
no stat
total score:77%, got B+ ( you need to ask your score to TA by yourself)

You don't need to attend the lecture if you want to get a good grade. Most of the contents discussed in the lecture will not be tested. There are 99 students in the class.I estimated that there are 20-30 non local students(Most of them seated at first two row). The prof. gave around 30% A range to the class(I guess) so less local students got good result.

P.S. All of my friends got C range.6hws
4lab reports
1mid term
1finalNo need to understand the physics chapter. You won't see any of that in the midterm or final.
The proof part is too difficult to understand but the computation part is kind of easy.
Matlab computation is a must and it helps your life a lotJust boring and a lot of derive. If you are really enthusiastic in learning, go lecture! If not, skip every lecture like me and read it yourself.
No need to ask the TA. They don't know either and there is no tutorial session
Source for homework and exams is a must because they are kind of similar.This is a course about engineering materials, as, again, suggested by the course title.
The first part of the courses are related to some basic chemistry, but most of them are not very important to the whole course. The important thing is the curve of internal energy between atoms.
Then the next part is related to some solid mechanics, such as stress&strain. Then failure/fracture was also introduced.
The phase diagram and the TTT diagram in the later part of the courses are extremely important, so please study hard and pay attention in these parts.
Overall, it is an interesting but demanding courses, in which the workload will be addressed later.The professor is not only very nice, but also good at teaching, at least teaching this course. The only problem is his accent which might be difficult to understand clearly sometimes. But the teaching skill is really good and impressive, as long as you are paying attention to the professor.Main topics to be covered in this course:
- Atomic Structure & Bonding
- Crystal Structure & Crystallography
- Defect & Defect structure
- Mechanical Properties of Materials
- Dislocation & Deformation
- Diffusion
- Phase Transformation
- Corrosion & Degradation of MaterialsProf. Zheng teaches very well and clear. He wrote his own notes on the whiteboard and I think it is much more clear and organized than the lecture ppts. Also, he will demonstrate some example questions with us in order to let us familiar with the concept.

In tutorial, TAs will guide you how to finish the assignment and discuss the solution.MECH2410 is an introductory course on materials science and engineering offered in this department.This course will introduce the basic concepts of materials science and engineering including the multi-scales structure of materials( from atomic to micro-scale structure), defects and dislocations and their relationships to mechanical behaviors, diffusion and phase transformation and phase diagrams and their applications on metallic materials, as well as various material processing technologies and business opportunities based on innovative materials. This course will be focused on metallic materials.
By the end of this course,you should be able to:(i)Analyze and explain certain simple everyday materials behavior;(ii)Explain the basis of certain materials physical properties, such as density,mechanical strength,ductility,etc.,based on the atomic&micro-structure;(iii)Explain the relationship of processing with mechanical properties,strength,ductility,toughness,etc.(iv)To identify engineering materials suitable for a given engineering applicationsThe professor is kind and nice. The things will included in the exam that she said during lesson or homework. Clearing teaching that she will not talk any useless information and it is quite easy to follow if you really attend the lesson. If you do not, the notes are easy to following too.Atomic bonding of materials; crystal structure and defects; mechanical properties of materials; phase diagrams and phase transformations; heat treatment of metals; processing and applications of metallic materials.Professor Kwan teaches very well and very detail.  Keen to answer questions or homework during and after lessons

However the Iran Teaching Assistant was awful.  Different marking standards on similar answers from different homework among classmates.very informative
require a lot of thinking instead of memorizing the contentVery helpful and encouraging instructor
You can feel free to ask question on the canvas forum and the TAs and the instructor will answer you quickly. Sometime they dont answer you directly but i think it is good to lead us think more.The material are interesting and I did learn something from the course.
It is about EV and some basic mechanical knowledge like design and manufacturing that-a we can't learn from the other courses, also some knowledge about the industry.I don't actually know what the prof. is talking during the lecture. But he assume we know it well. And SUPER messy course schedule, after we hand in all of our design, and it finally comes with a DFM lecture.basically involve:
study of basic component of a EV
design analysis skill
fundamental of SolidWork
manufacturing method and technology

5-6ppl in one group, one student who are third year will be leader to guide year 2 studenta lot of design & manufacture content
content is messy but indeed it can not be avoid as it requires lots of knowledge for design and manufacturing courses***This course is not quite suitable for students with no mechanical engineering background (Year 1/2)***

Required 3D modeling using Solidworks.

This course focuses on the way how a typical design and manufacturing project is executed in industry. The importance of Voice of Customers (VOC), CTQ and how they can be cascaded down into the different improvement initiatives proposed by the students themselves. In the beginning of the course, a simple EV will be anatomized and explained in details what components are there in an EV and why and how each major component/ subassembly is made and functions. Based upon the VOC and design and manufacturing methodologies behind, each group of students (5-6 persons per group) will have to come up with a working EV based upon the group’s initiatives within the scope defined by VOC.Include lots of information in every lecture but with messy course schedule. The course is just like a more advanced MECH 2520 course.The course is about the design and manufacture of the improvement on the EV. The lecture covers a lot of things such as material selection, fatigue and FEM but most of the content in lecture cannot used in this course.The teaching is messy as it covers a lot of things and he planned to include several hundred pages of powerpoint in one lecture.All about beams! Get ready for an intense semester of studying a solid beam! so exciting! Covers: singularity functions, bending moment, stress strain analysis, fatigue, failure, etc... The course is not really about design, more about applying sests of equations and criteria, without any practical application. It's only theoretical. It overlaps a bit with MECH3010 (solid mech 1) and uses a fair bit of knowledge from MECH2410 (engineering materials 1).Very very boring. The professor doesn't explain much on how/why we get all these formulas, but spends most of the lecture talking about irrelevant things. He does try to relate a bit to design choices, but meh, not really. The TAs were much better at getting the point across and clarifying the course content.Very different from 2520

Static from 2020, focus on singularity function
Mohr circle, shear, I, Q, y etc
ductile and brittle material properties like stress, strain, strength
a lot of coefficient and table and graph
a small part of shaft
A lot of safety factors

Project
Make beams and chassis
make a prototype, then a mold, finally the beam/chassis
Ta will do the tests
Plot the test result and analyseblow water
For no reason he talks very loud, almost like yelling at you
Don't expect to learn in lectures
TA's English is not that good, but you should go to lab and tutor, more than half of the time is talking about the project

Basically, everything is on canvas, the course book is not available in HK but you dont have to buy itbasic design pluz some solid mechanics

fracture load of ductile and brittle materials

fatigue life cycle

basic design pluz some solid mechanics

fracture load of ductile and brittle materials

fatigue life cyclegood english and interesting lectures

keep asking students questions

many examples in lecture to help you understand

good english and interesting lectures

keep asking students questions

many examples in lecture to help you understandconclusion: no point taking this course, unless another Prof takes charge, which is not expected to take place until 6 to 8 years later. The contents are meaningful, and indeed should be understood by every ME graduates. Still they can be self-studied. Anyway, no matter you register this course or not, you have to do some self-study
here are the contents covered, they are arranged according to my understanding (sorry, they for unknown reason disabled the course page during the late final exam period so I can’t verify them since then):
¬ PART I: Static Loading
Solidworks CAD modelling,
Solidworks (FEM Static) Simulation;
evaluating section forces (bending moment and shear forces) (using both FEM and singularity function) & the associate von’ Mises stress in an 1D beam;
different Static Failure criteria; safety factor evaluation & dimension optimization (design)
¬ PART II: Variable Loading/ Fatigue
Stress-based Approach: S-N curve for repeated completely-reversed loading, evaluating the actual endurance limit of a steel part;
amplitude and mid-range stress under steady-state loading;
notch sensitivity;
various fatigue criteria (for ductile materials, i.e. modified Goodman, Gerber, ASMT elliptic, and Soderberg), safety factor design / analysis using load-line method
shaft design with variable loading (Distortion Energy method coupled with fatigue criteria)

for more details and problems, see the textbook: Shigley’s Mechanical Engineering Design, McGraw Hill

interestingly, there are no pre-requisites stated officially, however, both engineering statics and mechanics of materials are literally the prerequisites.
Just one more point to make: don't trust the course description, the word “fastener” indeed to my best knowledge has never been mentioned.I dread to recall how this course went on actually…

tutorial + "regular" lecture + 3 phases of a beam project + 3 assignments + 1 CAD quizzes, and self-test quizzes

In the project, each team of 3~5 was asked to design and manufacture a beam with section not larger than 1cm*1cm, and a specified span of 12 cm, and with a stipulated material -- Plaster of Paris. Phase I: design it against static failure; Phase II: design against fatigue; phase III: truck competition, where each team had to use mount their beams onto the given RC vehicle as front & rear bumpers...


The male TA, taking charge of the early stages of the tutorial, projects and quizzes seemed passionate about teaching. However, gradually it is found he is not actually quite qualified, he blundered when teaching the concept of “structural efficiency”, which is properly embarrassing…

The female TA, who is believed to be the one responsible for posting all notifications are unbelievably reliant! Posting an announcement about change of mid-term venue just 1 hour before the exam commenced. Indeed, most notifications are published at the last moment.

Still, the root causes of any issue may be related to one particular guy [hint: the one with the highest pay but without much contribution to the course]. Obviously, he never supervised the work from the TA. The only things he did (as far as I am aware) are inventing the brilliant beam project AND ramming 6 intensive problems in the final exam. He once claimed, the whole point of the project was to apply the theories learnt (yes he’s right, not “taught”) into “real-life” example, with increased awareness to manufacturability (yes, he’s right again, for a brittle beam of 1cm * 1cm * 12cm, mold-cast is really a major design headache…)

Nonetheless, the 3 assignments and the related Tutorials are genuinely helpful to gain basic understanding on what those concepts covered by the lecture slides.

Still above are just the “highlights” of their misdoings, the overall teaching is far from acceptable, “E” is mainly due to that the f**king Prof: It was an intense semester of studying solid beams. The course was not about design but more about applying sets of equations and criteria, without any practical application (only theoretical).Regarding teaching, the professor was going deep into the explanation of all the formulas and was helpful and open to any question in and out of classThe course is a fairly thorough contextualization of the book "Without the Hot Air". It covers the fundamental aspects of energy systems and energy usage in the world, and provides a hypothetical scenario in which current world energy usage is balanced with theoretical possible sustainable energy output. It delves into the current limitations of the world's energy model, and discusses possible solutions. The physics and mathematics involved in the course are all fairly basic, and are mostly just "back of the envelope" calculations.The professor is highly knowledgeable in the subject and is keen and enthusiastic. He takes time at the beginning of every class to summarize the key points of the previous lecture, as well as runs through a course outline, making it easy to understand the progress made. He is open to answering questions after class or during his office hours. He is very fond of Maserati as well, despite teaching a sustainable energy class xd.On energy consumption and production. The course syllabus is completely based on a book called 'Sustainable Energy — without the hot air', which can be downloaded from an online site(given by the professor) for free. You are recommended to read it, but it is also okay if you don't.

Includes basic calculations like P=mgh, etc.
The calculation will become harder after the mid-term, but it is still easy since the formula is given to you and the exams are open book. Note the units of the calculations though.Starts almost every lesson with the goal of the course.
Quite knowledgable in his area, is funny sometimes. He hates people talking in class though (when it is not discussion time yet), which I think is reasonable because it is basic respect.Talk about sustainable energy.
Wind energy, solar power, zinc battery, hydroelectric stations, power consumed by different transportation.
The content is easy, as it is a common core, exam is open-book and all the equations can be found in the power point.The professor explain clearly but very slowly. He talk about the power point for 80 minutes but you can finish it in 15 minutes if u read it at home. The lesson is quite boring. I only attend 5 to 6 lessons then skipped all of the rest.The course follows the book "Hot air without air" which is also the textbook of phys1003. The material can be divided into 3 sections: consumption, production, and storage. In consumption, main energy expenses are roughly calculated. In production, energy from renewables is calculated to see relying solely on renewables is viable or not and renewable energy sources are introduced. In storage, various storage technologies are explained. Although the content is easy to follow, unfortunately, the way it is presented is sometimes boring.Professor Ciucci is one of the better professors, he is enthusiastic about the content and very knowledgeable. He shows some Youtube videos and adds peer sharing exercises to avoid a mundane classroom environment.Content is fairly easy. By pretty much simple calculations on energy expenses of our daily life, and optimised calculations on production of renewable energies, the course have reached its aim on discovering sustainability and also on teaching about energy expenses that we have in our daily life.

Although the content is fairly easy, and the course is not challenging at all, this course successfully expanded my views on the sustainability of the world in terms of energy, and made myself more aware of our everyday expenses.Teaching is great, very clear teaching and quite in-depth with a lot of supporting examples. Although a lot of stuff are learnt for me already I still attend his classes.

Just one thing to note is that he doesn't like people chatting in his lessons (except for pair-share exercises). He would stop speaking if he heard people talking in between.

If there is anything else that I have to note about... Hmmm I quite like this professor (wait whatthis course mainly introduces the sustainable technologies nowadays such as photovoltaics, thermal pumps, etc. most of them are easy to understand.CIUCCI's accent is very cute and he looks hot BTW. Though the pace is quite slow for he reviews previous lectures every now and then, he explains everything clearly. he is also very nice.
I love CIUCCI!!!This course is not difficult . Like secondary school level
I. Understand and analyze energy conversion, utilization and storage for renewable technologies
such as wind, solar, biomass, fuel cells and hybrid systems and for conventional fossil fuel-based
technologies;
II. Use the first and second law of thermodynamics and introductory thermodynamics to analyze
renewable energy systems;
III. Understand the environmental consequences of energy conversion and how renewable energy
can reduce air pollution and global climate change.He is a visiting professor. He likes asking questions in class and getting response from the class. Every class is well-prepared and inspirational.The content for this course was pretty heavy as the professor will go through sustainability techniques in detail along with the energy expenses that follow. Since this is an introductory course, he’ll start off with some basic concepts about thermodynamics, where we would go on to use them in calculating a rough estimate of our daily energy expenses. The content is definitely very useful for your daily life.He is probably one of the best professors I’ve had so far. He comes prepared each lecture and recaps what we learnt in the previous lecture and makes absorbing all the information easier. He’s quite open to questions but preferably after class.A very interesting course. Talking about the energy problem and environmental issue about the worldwide and hong kong.Teaching is quite interesting. Instructors will provide a youtube video in each lecture. The powerpoint and the materials are well prepare and upload to canvas.Content is quite heavy as he will teach a large amount of sustainability techniques and also energy expenses.
He will start with simple concepts of thermodynamics and then go onto apply these to our daily energy expenses. The course content is very helpful in your daily life. The content to study for the mid term is rather heavy compared to the final but the mid term is far easier than the final.Teaching is amazing, and he revises work everyday by using a summary. He is a very friendly professor and quite a cool person too.Interesting and always updated (The professor would sometimes talk about something that happened the previous week). Most of the content is a "general culture type" of information, thus not necessary to revise for the exam. However, important points should be kept in mind.One word : Excellent. He would repeat the important concepts many times, he would remind about the motivation of the course (Why are we here?) every single lecture and he would talk passionately, always linking it with the reality. Not easy to get bored I would say, unless you're not interested.The course covers different forms of sustainable energy resource as well as daily expenses of energy.The professor also convince us the importance of batteries to balance the supply and demand side. He is very nice and likes to make jokes about his dream car and sometimes challenging the TAs, I really enjoy his teaching. All the lectures materials are online.The Professors gives figures and calculations to convince us about his view towards different source of energy forms. For example his convinces us that lighting is only a really really small fraction of our daily energy expense. He also gives us data to convince us that wind and solar Photovoltaics energy has clearly more potential than other source of renewable energies.The course seemed pretty decent and interesting during the add/drop period. But as soon as the add/drop period ended, the speed of the course picked up and it showed its true colours. There is a lot of new material, mainly about sustainability. It covers all the different forms of producing energy, like solar, wind, thermal etc. There are a lot of numericals in the course.The professor teaches well, but he seemed a bit arrogant as he stops the class briefly for a few seconds if he sees any two random people talking in class until and unless he has the full attention of everybody. Other than that, by the way the professor teaches, we can make out that he loves what he teaches.Mainly about sustainability. You can tell what it is. Not even new technology are being mentioned. No calculation at all.The professor is a visiting professor from America. He is a pro-environmental friendly professor. He is trying his best to make us be environmentally friendly. He talked many many things about that topic, making himself not able to finish the syllabus in the end of the semester. The teaching method is special and more on interactionContent are not difficult, but only annoying to me
Energy analysis, Pure subtance, mass and energy analysis of control volumes, Work and heat, Second law of thermodynamics, Entropy and IrreversibilityLecturer has quite an accent, i haven't been to lecture after first few sectionTextbook- Thermodynamics an Engineering Approach

Energy analysis, Pure subtance, mass and energy analysis of control volumes, Work and heat, Second law of thermodynamics, Entropy and Irreversibility

Need to be familiar with using the tables to get values.Lectures usually include many worked examples from the textbook.
No attendance requirements. No in class quiz.pure substance; work and heat; control volume; Ideal and real gases. First and second laws of thermodynamics. Entropy. Elementary power and refrigeration cycles.Mainly read from powerpoint, give ample time for example discussion. But so far a bit boring since no other materials other than those on ppt will be covered, she speaks with strong chinese accent and often mispronounce words like 'Enthalpy" and 'Entropy'The content mainly focuses on 1st, 2nd law of thermodynamics, entropy and  formulae related to them. All the formuale related to the exams were given in he exams. The content was pretty interesting and basic to support harder mechanical courses followed up.In general, if you try to focus, his teaching is not bad, but he usually looks on the ground, not students, so relatively less interactions between students and the professor.The content has been mentioned by other reviewers, so I am going to only briefly describe it.
It is basically the fundamentals of thermodynamics, as the course title suggested, including hydrostatics, enthalpy, entropy, 1st & 2nd law of thermodynamics, basics of mass&heat transfer, etc.The prof's teaching skills are not terrible, but not good either. Maybe it is mainly because of the heavy mainland accent of English.very basic thermodynamics in the content which most of the material have been learnt in the high school.
Quiz, test and finals are mainly calculation. As long as you understand the calculations in the examples of the lecture notes, its easy.no comment as my attendance...ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok okthe professor did not explain goodfinal exam difficult.ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok ok4 bar linkage
gear
cam
matlab, but they dont teachboring and bad english
Always show you toys and video
Always repeat content from last 1-2 lectures
You can go to lectures and do you own things, do play with the toys because 1 question on midterm is about the transformer toy he passed around on lecture

Lab: soildwork and working model
he just give you the question and that let you rot
always laughing

some TA's english is extremely difficult to understand ( i talked to her only on final)4-bar linkage, crank motion, screw, etc.All the professor did was to read the words in the powerpoint. Sometimes he repeated the same content for 2-3 lectures. It's perfectly okay to skip all lectures and read the notes yourself.
Note: Attendance will be checked (just passing around a paper and tick your name so it's okay to ask your friend...)4 bar linkage, gears, cam & followers
two & three position methodsProf. can teach you something, but mostly you need to learn by yourself, he always ask you to watch youtube video at home. He encourage you to buy a book, but it is difficult to understand via the texts without detail steps or methods to solve the problem. He always pass obligation to TAs.Four Bar Linkage, Gears, CamNon-fluent, cant response to question. The biggest problem of this course is related to this instructor because the planning of the course is not good. In my semester, a project was suddenly added without any notification at  the beginning of the session. Also, the weighing of the project changes twice to fit in the project workload. Also, the responsibility was always given to the TAsFour-bar linkage
Different method to analysis four-bar linkage.
Draw graph and do calculations.
Use computer program to analysis four-bar linkage.Dun know, only attended first lecture.
Lab Ta is not helpful.
Prof. and ta not communicate well.Application of kinematics and dynamics in the analysis, design and synthesis of mechanisms. Type and dimensional design of linkages, cams and gears based on motion requirements and force transmission, in contrast to the strength requirements. Graphical, analytical and computer methods in analysis and design of mechanisms. Design considerations in mechanism synthesis.

These are basically the basics what a mechanical engineer should at least know.The teaching is terribly terrible, forgive my weird language but it is never enough to over-over-over-overemphasizing this, not to mention the extremely bad English proficiency of the professor!Application of kinematics and dynamics in the analysis, design and synthesis of mechanisms. Type and dimensional design of linkages, cams and gears based on motion requirements and force transmission, in contrast to the strength requirements. Graphical, analytical and computer methods in analysis and design of mechanisms. Design considerations in mechanism synthesis.A few students attended his lesson, as his poor teaching skills

always replied questions raised by student:"Go read your books, you are an engineer."

Late project (started at last two weeks of semester, ended two weeks after exam period)
Didn't provide any useful advice or support for project (no any follow-up works for my friend to complete his project using Arduino due to out of stock)

Unfairness on the project
(eg some groups had received Arduino while some hadn't)
Change course weighting for the project on last week of semester (At last he change back to original weighting due to preparation of petition from students)
Some final works are actually unbelievable/unacceptable (heard from friends)

A lot of students fxxked him because of the projectfour bar linkage four bar linkage four bar linkage.....
mainly the analysis of four bar linkage.
and gears, engine...ummm... you really dont need to attend if you manage well to study yourself.
And there are videos if you really need to look back. The instructor use a lot of time to talk about things that are not examed but I think they are interesting.•Review of Thermodynamics
•Exergy and Entropy
•Gas power cycles
•Gas turbines and propulsion systems
•Vapor and combined power cycles
•Refrigeration cycles
•Thermodynamic property relations
•Gas mixtures
•Gas-Vapor mixtures and Air-conditioning

Basically, it is just the second part of MECH2310 and use the same textbook.Teaching speed is OK I would say. He provided a lot of examples during lessons. But he spent too much time on reviewing basic thermodynamics, causing the teaching in the last part of topics a bit rush.Mainly focus Review of thermodynamics for the first few weeks
 The First Law of Thermodynamics
 Enthalpy
 The Second Law of Thermodynamics
 Entropy

Then, it talks about several type of gas power cycle, Vapor and Combinded Power Cycles, Refrigeration Cycles, Gas mixtures, Gas-vapor mixtures and air-conditioningthe information is basically based on the book... going to the lecture didn`t help a lot

the english of Prof. Xu is really bad.... I can`t even understand what she say during the lecture- Review of thermodynamics (until entropy)
- Exergy
- Gas power cycles
- Vapor power cycles
- Refrigeration cycles
- Gas mixtures
- Gas vapor mixtures
It's the continuation of MECH 2310 thermodynamics, uses the same textbook and same style of questions/way of studying (Yes, you still have to use all the data tables...). Apart from exergy that can be a bit tricky, the rest of the content is not complicated and the exercises are ok.Meh. Not that bad of a prof but I personally didn't find any value added in the teaching. He is very nice and ready to answer questions but he didn't seem very comfortable teaching and didn't really explain things as much as he would go through example questions (which are much easier to go through by yourself in the textbook). He was also very slow paced in reviewing content of thermodynamics 1 and rushed through the last few chapters. I found it more efficient to self study and go to lecture to clarify some points instead of attending the slow and non- engaging lectures.Less diverge and more focused on building in Mechanical engineering. Quite a fun course if you are interested. However, the 50 pages lecture notes may scare you off.The professor himself is very nice. He is willing to answer any questions and chat with us even outside class. His office is open for us for most of the time. You can even find him whenever you are free to chat with him with the things that are not even related to the course. He is more like a Secondary teacher than a lecturer so you are expecting him to be a little bit different from standard lecturer. For example, he would require the students who attend the lessons not to eat or chat in the class. So you may have to behave yourself if you attend his class.
However, in the lecture, he would not provide much information outside of the lecture notes. So you may find it boring to attend his lessonsThere are 22 lectures including materials like urban living,building systems,green building,energy,heat and lighting etc. 80 mins' lecture is abundant,a little tedious though.Moses hates late-coming students and he is fully welling to answer questions and offer help except during the exam, which puzzles me a lotThe content is pretty heavy but cheat sheet is allowed in the exam. 2 sheets of A4 paper and hence 4 pages. You can pretty much squeeze everything insideTeaching is pretty dry, read off the slides and you can basically don't go for lessons. It is been separated into different parts and involve some fundamental in heat transfer, thermofluids and even clean energy. It is a module for general knowledge but not in depth. Afterall it is a level 1000 module.Topics about intelligent and green buildings, building materials etc.
24 ppt in totalJust repeating the ppt---->boring5 assignments
midterm(1 A4 cheat sheet)
final(2 A4 cheat sheets)

Additional knowledge of chemistry, physic or math would be needed to finish the assignments sometimes, but you could still study the examples given in ppt to finish the assignments.

You may have an advantage if you have studied chemistry, physic, m2 in high school.Basically, you can skip all the lectures and finish the assignments by yourself.
The assignments are easy and would not take you too long.
You just need to make your own handwritten cheat sheets before the midterm and final which may require 2-3 days.Basics about buildings and building components are taught throughout the course along with the role and impact of buildings on people's lives. The main course contents are: Water Supply Systems, Smart & Green Buildings, Building Systems, Energy Systems, Electricity, Heat & Fire and Transportation. Few simple equations (i.e. efficiency of wind turbines) are included but most of the contents are based on facts.The professor adds some extra comments on to the lecture slides verbally during the lectures, so it is crucial to attend the lectures.- around 50 slides for each chapter
- topics related to green buildings, intelligent building, electricity, energy,etc.- His teaching is boring, just read out all the words in ppt.
- Lecture videos are provided few days before finalOne midterm, one group project (use concepts taught in classes to analysis a building), one cumulative final

all open book

essay questions and one require calculation (optional)

grading is very good, though he seems to be a killer- just one group project which is pretty easy

- there are three guest lectures which will be tested

- attendance required during presentationsUltimately useless course to an engineering student. It includes an overview of different engineering disciplines but without any particular focus. It will be a waste of time if a first-year student want to have an understanding of engineeringWhat Moses did was just repeating all the information in lecture slides.the second worst and bad course I have ever had when I staying in http://ust.So much ppt,more than thousand page how can I remember all the context plz be considerate ,I am human not computer ! (edited after Civil 3510 in 2017/2018 fall )The lecture context is so boring and the instructor voice monotony so that many students sleep in class.Even more,the assignment question have never been teach in class and the instructor just throw it to students and when I ask the instructor personally he was just said " Are you university student ?It is so easy even primary school student can do it".What I have get is just instructor insult (edited after Civil 3510 in 2017/2018 fall )It covers almost every area of contemporary buildings. All the stuffs are factual yet USELESS. If you really want to learn something, do NOT enroll in this course. It is a waste of time.Lectures are boring and useless. You can read the powerpoint slides yourselves. The powerpoint slides are full of words.There are around 22 chapters about building, energy, and physics calculations. The PPT slides are full of words, pictures. You will probably not willing to read the messy PPTs and the contents are just some facts that you may find on the internet.
You cannot learn anything from this course as it only requires you to recite the materials and solve some calculation problems that are not taught.Moses's lesson is completely useless as he will just read out the slides or talk about nonsenses stuffs that are not regarding the course.
He is not quite willing to help students and his answer to your questions are not quite useful at most of the time.22 chapters about building, energy, and physics calculations. PPT slides are full of words, in point form though.Moses hates late-comers. Chatting/whispering is not allowed in class and he will stop anytime if students are found doing so.

In class he simply goes through all the slides one by one, words by words so it is boring attending the lectures. But it saves time to review the PPT on your own.

Moses is more like a high-school teacher than a professor in a sense that he is strict in many ways and has lots of rules to follow. It is sometimes annoying to listen to his rules.

But he is passionate helping the students off the class. He will even explain the questions at the start of the exam, but it is not allowed to ask questions afterwards.Compared to MECH1906, the content was less diverse, but still there were a lot of topics covered. On average, each lecture covered about 40 slides full of words. There were some simple calculation problems at high school Physics level.Moses could be a boring professor as there were to many topics to cover and most students who were freshmen simply lacked the basic knowledge to understand everything he talked about.There are a large amount of ppt for you to study. The content are widely covered from the foundation of buildings to the impact of the intelligent and green buildings  to society.It is quit boring as the professor will just read the ppt from page to page.The slideshows are all on Canvas. Moses said that he will say things in class that are useful to know but are not included in the slide shows.He is a good teacher but it can be annoying that he will stop anytime a student is even whispering to another.We haven't received any grades at the current point in the semester. He says that his tests will consist of around 60 percent short answer.Workload seems to be manageable. One midterm exam and one final exam. We have 5 assignments throughout the semester.It covers a lot of aspects in mechanical engineering just as the course description. Not too difficult if you have physics background.There are around 50 ppt slides in a lecture. Professor just go through all the slides in the lecture. Although it is quite boring, it is better to attend the lecture to save your time to review the slides yourselves.

Professor is nice and willing to answer questions. He is willing to spend time with students and chat with us the matter outside the course work. Do try to reach him if you have any questions.At the beginning, it introduce different parts in an aircraft. As more parts are introduced, the force calculation about these parts will be involved. It is like applying solid mechanics in the aircraft context. And a great portion of this course is to teach you to do the calculation.The instructor just read the power point. I found there was really no point to sit in the room for the whole lecture and decided to skip the lecture after first two weeks.A much-difficult version of MECH 2040. Topics basically follow the teaching of MECH 2040, but the formulas are much more complicated. Students are expected to face to some super long equations with complex symbols to compute. However, solving a problem successfully would help you a lot.
The lecture notes is much better organized than the textbook, so you are preferred to read more lecture notes rather than textbook.The teaching of the lecturer is fair. He try to teach every single details in every lecture. However, the tutorial was not quite satisfactory. I complained it for several times.-Characteristics of Aircraft Structures & Materials
-Introduction to Elasticity
-Torsion
-Bending and Flexural Shear
-Flexural Shear Flow in Thin-walled Sections
-Failure Criteria for Isotropic Materials
Almost all questions encountered in homework and exams are mathematical questions, some of which can be quite long and complicated. The exams will also include some short questions to test your understanding on the theories taught in-class by the professor.Professor is not bad, he is passionate in teaching and is willing to answer questions and gives detailed answers, but his voice can make you feel very sleepy. However, most of his PPT notes are copied directly from textbook and are in my opinion not very useful.
The TA only uses tutorials to explain the homework questions, so attendance is not necessary if you know how to do the homework.Transformer, DC machines (motor& generator), synchronous motor.To be honest, I skipped all his lessons and decided to self study as I really don't like his teaching style. If he can make the slides better it will be ok.15% HW
15% lab
30% midterm (got 90/100)
40% final exam (don't know the marks, as always)

Got an A, guess either I fucked up final or lab

Midterm and final are really hard (qs. taken out usually out of lecture, so do study yourself, also try to print the book since it is an open book exam)
(and I still don't know why I need Newton's method to numerically solve x^(1.125)+x=c etc..... in final)Actually not much. HW are given WITH answers (so It is really easy marks for everyone), two labs are straightforward and lab reports are pretty simple.Electromagnetic circuits, transformers, electromechanical energy conversion, DC machines, asynchronous and synchronous machines, special machines, transients and dynamics, three-phase circuits and power electronics, applications in electrical building services.Funny professor

Teaching skills is ok.  But don't only rely on his notes (or deadly grade you will get), as they are very brief.

Reading textbook is a must, so you must get a book along with you by any means.

Do questions provided by textbook is good, but there are a few only.  Finding other questions related to this course from the internet is a must if you want to master itmagnetic circuit
transformer
DC machines
synchronous machines
Induction machines
single phase, three phase
Content : mid term exam , final exam , 9 assignment
open book exam , remember to bring solution manualChapter 1 : Concept of stress (~1.5 weeks)
Chapter 2 : Stress and strain-axial loading   (~1.5 weeks)
Chapter 3 : Torsion (~1 week)
Chapter 4 : Pure bending (~1 week)
Chapter 5 : Transverse loading (~1 week)
Chapter 6 : Transformation of stress (~1 week)Professor Sun uses a clear and efficient method to teach. He has more than twenty years of experience teaching Solid Mechanics and knows the material to the last detail. He is always eager to answer the students' questions and always wants to make sure the answer is clear.The content of the course is not hard, and covers everything from the basics.
- Axial and shear loading
- Bending
- Torsion
- Shear and bending diagrams
- Compression and columns
- etc.
Overlaps with MECH3520 Design II
No textbook, no attendance, homework once a week, nothing much happens during tutorials. VIDEO LECTURE UPLOADED.Not the best English around but he explains very well the reason behind the relations in the notes. he annotates his notes by hand during lecture and doesn't upload the completed version afterwards (old school prof- but notes are complete enough even without his annotations, so it's OK to miss classes). HE gets very passionate about his subject which is quite rare. Very nice prof, he'll do his best to explain if you don't understand somethingA introductory course to aerospace engineering. Even for me as a business student I could still handle it well and got good grade. First few classes mainly related to theories and latter would be structures and more mechanical stuff. Rhea tried to include as many topics as possible in the easiest way of understanding. Cheatsheet allowed in the exams so need not to memorise much even various topics are included.Rhea is one of my favourite professors as she is so passionate in teaching even though I know not all the students feel the same in learning in return. You never want to miss her class otherwise you will be skipping a lot of things. She shared to us a lot of aeronautical stories and her interesting background that are definitely useful to those who wants to pursue a aerospace engineering career. Her accent is fine.A required course for AE major. Covering almost all systems in aircraft engineering, the course itself is indeed very easy and fundamental. It does not require any weird formula derivation or hell-like graph sketching. Instead, it just briefly introduces every elemental part in aerospace system such as Aerodynamics, Structure, Propulsion, Thermodynamics, Mission Analysis, etc. Rhea additionally included something related to real-life operation like Airline Operation. That makes the course very interesting and inspiring since you may not know a commercial airliner flies higher not only for flying faster!Being an Indonesian, Rhea's accent is quite thick indeed but it never affects my understanding. Rhea is a new professor in HKUST but she makes me even more intrigued by Aerospace Engineering. Her friendliness (and dry jokes) makes every lesson very attractive that you don't want to skip any. She sometimes shows fascinating videos during lectures such as the human-powered helicopter. Rhea also likes to share her experiences in the MIT(Yes! An authentic Master from the MIT!). I must mention her notes and handwriting. Extremely neat and pretty(Although I sometimes mixed up 9 and g)! The two TAs are also very helpful in marking our assignments and giving feedback in our papers. Never gonna forget their names!The fundamental knowledge about Aerospace engineering, including fluid dynamics, aerodynamics, atmosphere, aircraft performance, aircraft structures, material technology, thermodynamics, propulsion, space system, airline industry and aircraft design.

Brief but extensive topics.The professor teaches quite clearly, and she made some jokes and show us some videos to make the lectures fun.Most of the content is the basic knowledge of aviation. It includes some basic formula from DSE physics like equations for Gas law and some Newton's law. And then it will introduce some basic equations of thermodynamics and aerodynamics. There will be at least 70 equations but over 90% of them are pure substitution and some of them are very simple. The remaining content would be words about materials, structure and engines. They mostly appear in one sentence or in point form. All of them are easy to understand and some of them are already learned in secondary school. I would say the content is not difficult.Prof may not be the best in teaching but she is better than the others in the school. Attendance is not required but sometime she may teach something that did not appear in lecture notes which included in the assignment and exam. She could also explain complicated things in a simple way. Sometime there will be sessions for guest lecturer and TAs. The teaching of guest lecturers varies. Some are very boring and some are interesting but the content is not included in the exam. TAs' teaching is quite interesting if u pay attention. Overall, it is acceptableuseful knowledge in aerospace engineering.  Things perhaps quite hard. Notes equipped with examples of questions and daily examples in the aerospace engineering field.Teaching was nice and clear. You gotta catch up or else you will miss a lot of things and find it difficult to understand the following lectures. Videos in class can help understanding.Introduces the basic principles of flight, such as fluid dynamics, aerodynamics, physics of the atmosphere, structures, flight performance, materials sciences, thermodynamics, propulsion mechanisms, and future trends of the aerospace industry. You get to understand how different disciplines of an aircraft affect each other and work together to make a flight possible. The contents are introductory but some may find it difficult to catch up with the physics. Some students who took this course are even from the business school.Rhea is very devoted to teaching. She shows the derivation to most of the equations in lesson so that you know the assumptions and understand how they are formulated. If you miss the lessons, then you will miss those derivations too. Other than that, her explanations were very clear, and she sometimes makes jokes in lessons to make the lesson funner.

Informative videos about aircraft will also be shown at times. Also, there were 2 guest lectures, one on airworthiness and another on astronautics engineering. Personally, the astronautics lecture was more interesting. The TAs will also teach in some of the lessons. Overall, the lessons are very enjoyable.This course introduce basic concept of AE
1. Fundamental thoughts
2. Fluid dynamics and aerodynamics
3. The atmosphere
4. Aircraft performance and mission analysis
5. Aircraft Structures
6. Material technology
7. Thermodynamics
8. Propulsion
9. Introduction to space flight
10. Aircraft design
11. Future trend

I think this course is useful for deciding whether to choose AE in the future or not. Also, most of the topics are quite easy to understand. I think the most important topic is fluid dynamics.Prof. Liem is a nice teacher. Her accent was a little bit hard to follow for me at first. She is a caring teacher. When she thinks that some topics are too boring, she plays some interesting videos. Also, she gave us chocolate before test to cheer us up. If you get low marks in tests, you are the one to blame.The course includes almost every basic parts in aerospace engineering. You will learn basic static dynamics, fluid dynamics and some materials. Basic design concepts and structures were also introduced in the class.
If you have read something about AE before, it won't be a problem for you to get through the contents.Rhea speaks English fluently and clearly. It's comforting to understanding all the stuff the professor said in class. And interesting videos were played on class. Though it's an easy course, you still need to pay attention in class, for there will be some contents not provided in the lecture notes.The course topics are as follows:
1. Introduction (Wt is engineering, brief history of aerospace engineering, etc, not important for exam)
2. Maths (Briefly introduction of the mathematics needed in this aspect)
3. Fundamental thoughts (Gas laws, the idea of shear stress, etc)
4. Fluid dynamics and aerodynamics
5. The atmosphere
6. Aircraft performance and mission analysis
7. Aircraft Structures
8. Material technology
9. Thermodynamics
10. Propulsion
11. Introduction to space flight
12. Aircraft design
13. Future trends

Although only the easier parts of each topic are being taught, it would still be quite tough for students without basic physics knowledge to learnThe professor is very enthusiastic in this field and she is available to answer any types of questions asked by us.the course is basically "everything you need to know in order to understand how we fly" kind of stuff. with theoretical and conceptural knowledge, it truly provide an overview on the aerospace engineering field. without the need for prior knowledge, actually quite interesting and comfortable to keep up with. if you are interested, just enroll and you will come back and write an "A" review
and we also get to say ALOHA! a lot :pprof is superb!! ultra responsible and patient, she is constantly updating the course content to fit our needs and interests.
lots of example provided and more than enough chances to communicate provided.Includes basic aerospace engineering concepts, e.g. aerodynamics, fluid mechanics, thermodynamics, aircrafts performance etc. Really good course for those who are interested in aviation as the contents are quite easy but useful. Most of them are just similar to DSE physics.

Format of midterm and final exams are similar to homework, which include around 70% of calculation and 30% of short questions that test your understanding of concepts and definition.Prof. Liem is really good at explaining concepts and derivation. Although attendance is not taken, it is recommended to attend all the lectures as she will only do the derivation of equations and the solving of examples in class but will not put them in the lecture notes.  She is also very nice to answer all of our problems and makes all of us engage in class by asking us questions or playing relevant videos.very basic
no advance math involved.She's very friendly and kind. She always encourages her students to ask questions. She is always willing to explain stuff in detail and answer student's problems.

Lectures can be a bit boring but I recommend attending them as she points out important concepts during lectures and most of the times, they come up in midterm and final.-fundamental thoughts
-fluid dynamics
-aerodynamics
-standard atmosphere
-performance & mission analysis
-aircraft structures
-materials technology
-basic thermodynamics
-propulsion

The main objective of this course is to give an overview of topics pertaining to aerospace engineering. The focus will be mainly on aeronautical engineering (atmospheric vehicles), covering the above topics.

You will also be introduced to the non-engineering aspects of the eld, including airline industry, cost estimation, environmental impacts of aviation, policy and regulations. A brief introduction
of astronautical engineering (space flights and rocket science) will also be given nearing the end of the course.

The materials covered will only be at an introductory level. For students with absolutely no background on aerospace, you will find the course just fine. The powerpoint slides have varying length, but if you pay attention during class, you will find most of them pretty straightforward.A very kind lecturer. She is always willing to explain stuff in detail and answer student's problems. It's fine to ask her about questions regarding your homework assignments too! She prepares the powerpoints herself, works on some example questions in class and makes the course pretty interesting.A very brief introduction course to Aerospace Engineering.

Content included before mid-term exam:
Introduction to some basic math
Fluid Dynamics,
Aerodynamics,
Standard Atmosphere,
Aircraft performance and mission analysis.

After mid-term exam:
Structural design and analysis of aircraft,
Materials technology,
Thermodynamics,
Propulsion,
and some introduction to Astronautics.

Before midterm, a lot of calculations are required. Don't simply plug in numbers to the formulas to compute the answers. It is important to understand the conditions where the equations are adopted.

After mid-term the content is rather conceptual which less calculations are required.

Most of the questions in the exams will mix content from different powerpoints together. (e.g. Question linking Standard Atmosphere and Aerodynamics).

midterm:single sided A4 size cheat sheet
final:double sided (so remember to keep the one for midterm lol)Do attend lessons as some important examples and derivation of equations will only be shown during lectures.

Professor and the TA are willing to help you if you have any difficulties.Basic Aerospace Engineering knowledge including but not limited to Fluids, Aerodynamics, Mission Analysis, Performance, Structures, Materials, ThermodynamicsProfessor teaches very well and is clearly passionate about aviation. PowerPoints are intuitive and useful. Although the PowerPoints are posted online, it would be wise to attend class as the Professor goes through questions step-by-step. TAs are very helpful and will respond quickly to any questions.Fluid Dynamics, Aerodynamics, Mission Analysis, Performance, Structure, Thermodynamics. Mostly mathematics but understanding to concepts, vocabulary are required. If you are aiming to major AE, this is the course for you as it is a requirement for AE major and minor. Derivation to equations is not required in exams. MATH1012 level calculus is already sufficient to meet the needs of some derivation in assignments.Very in depth explanation and derivation on board. Professor and TA are willing to answer questions swiftly in class and in emails. Personally think the powerpoints are not worth printing out. Rather note down important stuff that prof show (examples, explanation of phenomena). Try to jot down examples that prof show in class as they may re-appear in assignments, test and exam.Pre-midterm: Fluid dynamics, aerodynamics, atmosphere, mission analysis.
The first two include general knowledge whereas the other two are specific to aerospace engineering.
This part is largely computational questions and requires a lot of equations.

Post-midterm: aircraft structures, materials, thermodynamics, propulsion.
After the midterm there is less calculations and more conceptual questions.
Some knowledge is covered in other intro courses such as MECH1906 and CIVL1100.Prof Liem's teaching is generally not difficult to understand, quite fun to be in her class at times. Although I personally think some of the calculations can be explained more thoroughly...As named in the title, laboratories. You will be learning the skill of designing experiments, analyzing experiments and reporting experiment. There are a list of 10 experiments you have to perform in this course. You have to do all of the experiments and write full report about them. In my semester, the first 5 are based on a two person group. You can choose to have both working for each report or take turns on doing it individually. The other 5 are done in groups of 5 where each person do one report on one of the 5 experiments.
[Edit] The course content are quite useful especially when I am having an internship at a research based company. The content could be said to be the most related to research direction.Prof Qiu is a very nice professor. He explain things very in detail with examples. Furthermore, he could understand Cantonese so you could ask him easily after class. He is willing to answer any question. I would say, among all the other MECH courses, this one is one of the worth-attending lessons on my list.The content of this course was much less than other courses. However, it wasn't very interesting. The prof finished the content in 6 weeks and then for the next 6 weeks we didn't have class. We just had a review session before the final.The teaching was quite poor. Students went to class only to get the attendance bonus.
Most lab TAs were good. However, they were quite strict about punctuality and I got penalised for being late.It conclude basic fluid mechanics stuff. The content is quite important as they will be used in future course such as heat transfer. The material is easy to understand. No attendance needed.The instructor teach quite good on average. He did a lot of prove in lesson, although it is useless in exam, just useful for understanding or satisfy your curiosity. Sometime videos will be played to enhance the understanding.Mid term and final exam: most questions are from the textbook and even from the homework assignments

Not such a difficult course, you should do well if you attend the lecturesTeaches very well, lecture notes are easy to understand if you go through everythingVery easy in the beginning, gradually becomes so complicated.Prof is excellent. The way he teach is so detailed due to the nature of the content. But in fact you don't really need that much details (formula derivation etc) to ace the exam. Lecture notes is not self-explanatory with bunch of complex derivation, you should come if you want to fully understand. Only come to tutorial once, not very usefulChapter 1. Introduction
1.2 Dimensions and units
1.4 Measures of fluid mass and weight
1.5 Ideal gas law
1.6 Viscosity
1.7 Compressibility
1.8 Vapor pressure
1.9 Surface tension
Chapter 2. Fluid Statics
2.1 Pressure at a point
2.2 Basic equation for pressure field
2.3 Pressure variation in a fluid at rest
2.4 Standard atmosphere
2.5 Measure of pressure
2.6 Manometry
2.8 Hydrostatic force on a plane surface
2.9 Pressure prism
2.10 Hydrostatic force on a curved surface
2.11 Buoyancy and stability
2.12 Pressure variation in a fluid with rigid-body motion
Chapter 3. Fluids in Motions
3.1 Newton’s second law
3.2 F=ma along a streamline
3.3 F=ma normal to a streamline
3.4 Physical interpretation
3.5 Static, stagnation, dynamic, and total pressure
3.6 Application of B.E.
Chapter 4. Kinematics of Fluid Motion
4.1 Velocity field
4.2 Acceleration field
4.3 Control volume and system
4.4 The Reynolds transport theorem
Chapter 5. Flow analysis using C.V.
5.1 Continuity equation
5.2 Linear momentum equation
5.3 Energy equation
Chapter 6. Differential methods
6.1 Fluid element kinematics
6.2 Mass conservation
6.3 Conservation of linear momentum
6.4 Inviscid flow
6.5 Potential flows
6.8 Viscous flow
6.9 Simple solutions for viscous, incompressible fluids
Chapter 8. Pipe Flows
8.1 General characteristics of pipe flow
8.2 Fully developed laminar flow
8.3 Fully developed turbulent flow
8.4 Dimensional analysis
Chapter 9. External Flows
9.1 General external flow characteristics
9.2 Boundary layer
9.3 DragIt is long, but read carefully. Trust me.

Believe it or not, a lot of content from the lecture PowerPoint slides are copied directly from the internet, sources including Wikipedia and lecture notes from other universities. That is very unprofessional and disappointing.

If we put aside the fact that the content is plagiarized, the PowerPoint slides themselves are still no good. There are 40+ pages of PowerPoint slides per lesson. The contents are overwhelming and unnecessarily in-depth. One example is when we were learning about metals, we were taught that they can be classified into ferrous metals, non-ferrous metals and super alloys. Fair enough. Then each classifications have a couple of sub-classifications, such as ferrous metals can be divided into cast iron and steels. Then we even have to learn about the sub-classifications of the sub-classifications. (e.g. Steels can be divided into carbon steels, alloy steels, high-strength low-alloy steels, stainless steels etc.) I don’t see the need to learn all that in an introductory course.Professor Ng reads straight from the PowerPoint slides every lesson, so there is no need to attend any.This is an "introductory" course into mechanical engineering, which leads me to question why are there so many slides and so many words on each slide? The instructor doesn't help by reading the words off the slide.Very boring. Seriously, if you want to sleep in the morning, this class is for you. You won't see any groundbreaking teaching techniques in this class, just good old "I'll read off the slide and assume everyone is listening to me" style of teaching.All copied from somewhere on the Internet which can be easily searched. Definitely not worth your time on this course which requires only memorization to succeed in the exam. Some content are even irrelevant to mechanical engineering.Very Boring. Has not been to lesson since the first few.So called 'BASIC INTRO' in mecanical engineering. But it really isn't.Just reading the powerpoint slides in the lesson. Therefore it is boring in the lessons. At the first few weeks in the semester, there are 80% seats occupied in LT-B. After the mid term exam, there were about 40% seats occupied in LT-B.
Also, don't talk during lessons, otherwise he will shout "no talking, when I talk, you don't, when you talk, I don't."
Sometimes there are other professors teaching this course, but it is very rare. Like 20/24 courses are taught by Moses.Includes introductions to almost every topic of mechanical engineering.
There was a new LONG ppt every lesson which contained about 70~100 boring pages.You can SKIP all the lesson as long as you hand in your homework in time.
Prof NG is super boring.basic engineering concepts, basic of mech
but this course is quite a reason which caused me don't want to study in mech (mostly because of the instructor)Moses reads the lecture notes directly, so there is no reason you should attend the lecture.
Always mad at students when they point out that he gives incorrect questions in mid terms/ finals.
same as title.Introduction to many disciplines of mechanical engineering :
Aerospace engineering (Aircraft structure, propulsion and gas turbines)
Materials and mechanics (Solid mechanics, metals, polymers and ceramics)
Thermodynamics, Fluid mechanics, Energy and Modern Buildings
Design Manufacturing( Robots, MEMS, mechanisms and machinery etc.)
As mentioned, the course goes through many different fields, and each field is taught by one or more professors.
The lecture slides can range from 30 to as much as 70 pages, although the longer slides are just filled with a whole lot of pictures.
There aren't any numerical problems , except for a few basic one step calculations.Alright, this is a hard one...
The professors teaching this course keep changing every year so you can never trust the grade for the Teaching part. One of my senior friends had really bad reviews for the teaching last year but in my semester it was more or less alright... I guess. Some of the professors like David Lam were amazing. KIM, Jang (although slightly boring sometimes) was also pretty good. He tries to keep the class active with some jokes and questions and videos. There is only so much you could do when the class is at 9 am and the lecture theater is almost empty. But yeah...make no mistake...the course had its share of bad teachers as well.As described in the official course summary it is a introductory course of mechanical engineering. The coverage of the course is comparatively broad, which means nothing really goes really deep. As a result the content covered are mostly informative, instead of requiring you to understand certain concepts. But the syllabus is interesting though, including aerospace, turbines, heat transfer, thermodynamics, robotics, materials, etc (there was a lot!) I think it's a fair common core course and also a good  introductory course.Professor KIM has quite a strong Korean accent. Other than that he is very nice. If he finds you sleeping in the class he would nicely ask you a question related to the materials being taught at the moment. Those are usually easy ones just to keep you awake. He is a nice professor though, always smiling. He taught all the classes before mid-term.
After mid-term it was more like guest lectures, so each lecture there was a different professor coming. Most, if not all, are from Mainland or Tai Wan. Fair teaching for all.Course topics: aerospace, materials, thermofluids, design and manufacturing. Basically learning facts.Boring, purely reading from outdated ppts. Professors do not take attendance, so most people simply skip the lessons.The course just got a restructure, there used to be no assignments and no cheat sheets allowed in exams. 40% mid term, 40% finals, 20% assignments. For assignments, most of the questions can be directly copied out of lecture notes, while some are open-ended. For exams, they are non-accumulative, around 30 MCs and a few short questions. No idea for finals, but I got a few marks above mean in mid term and 9x marks to 100 for assignments and got an A.4 assignments, one cheat sheet for mid term and finals, that's it.The course covers Aerospace engineering, Mechanics and Metals, Thermofluids, Design and Manufacturing. It is a good course for gaining the fundamentals of mechanical engineering. However, it may not be the best course for gaining deep knowledge in one specific field as the course just scratches the surface.The course is taught by 4-5 instructors.The course covers 4 different areas of mechanical engineering: Aerospace engineering, Mechanics and Metals, Thermofluids, Design and Manufacturing. It will be a good course who wants to get a broader view of looking at the area of mechanical engineering. But some of the information from the lecture slide seems very trivial.7 professors are in charge of this course, contributing to different topics. Overall, the teaching is appropriate and adequate but one may prefer to study by oneself by looking at the lecture slides and asking questions to the TAs, instead.simply dont know what you are studying, but many of the difficult contents and calculations would not appear in the exams. some of them are even not required to learn, just giving you some further examples to scare you.stay strong, stay awake. very easy to fall asleep. but some of the contents are quite intersting.Introductory course that includes wide range of topics.
Aerospace Engineering (Aerospace Engineering, Aircraft Structure, Jet Propulsion, Gas Turbine)
Mechanics & Materials (Statics & Dynamics, Solid Mechanics, Engineering Materials, Metals, Polymer (Plastics) Materials, Ceramic & Composite)
Thermofluids (Thermodynamics, Heat & Heat Transfer, Fluid Mechanics, Energy Utilization, Modern Building)
Design & Manufacturing (Engineering Design, Manufacturing, MEMS, Mechanism of Machinery, Controls, Robots & Automation)

Although the range is wide, some of the contents are over in-depth while some of them are too brief. Most of the content are easily understandable and searchable in Internet. It does give a general view of mechanical engineeringProf. Kim's teaching was so dull that I almost got slept though he showed some video that relevant to teaching and let you understand clearly. Professors just read out the slides except few e.g. Prof. Li and Prof. Lam. They use much interesting method to teach instead of reading out that brings you some inspiration. But throughout the course, overall presentation is disaster.Covers a wide range of topics including aerospace engineering, basic physics and solid mechanics, some aerodynamics and thermodynamics, and design and manufacturing. However, a lot of the materials are very factual and can be easily searched up on the internet. It gives you a good general overview of mechanical engineering though.Boring teaching. Professor Kim was a funny guy but his teaching is rather dull. I almost fell asleep in his lessons. His powerpoints contain a great amount of materials copied directly from online pages. For other lecturers, since the topics they teach are also not the most interesting, it is hard to maintain attentiveness.

You don't have to show up in the lessons. The extreme case is that you can simply ditch all the lessons and read the powerpoints on your own. They are not that complicated to understand, except the physics formulas part which may be slightly challenging for those without a good math/physics background. Good thing is they seldomly appear in your homework and exams.Basically all the facts from every courses and topics stuffed together. Obviously they are relevant and useful in Mechanical Engineering but no one will every actually remember themHe basically read off from his powerpoint and introducing the most obvious facts and points in lecture. Presentation is terrible is one thing, he is extremely mean is the worse of all. When he is not even trying and act like an arsehole.Four Modules
1.Aerospace Engineering
2.Mechanics_and_Materials_Module
3.ThermoFluids
4.Design_Manufacturing

Mid-term:1&2
Final:3&4
*CHEAT SHEET is allowed for both mid-term and final, ONE A4 size information sheet with handwritten contents on both sides, cannot be printed!To be honest, I had not attended the lecture at all (except the first one), cause the prof just read out the ppt and its quite boring lolThis course is probably highly recommended by SENG for first-year inductees who are deciding on a major.

The course covers four modules, each one containing 4-6 lectures' worth of information, with an accompanying assignment (3-5 pages, 65% MC, 35% FRQ) near its conclusion. Each module will introduce students to an important aspect of mechanical engineering and covers each subject with satisfying detail. Concepts are not difficult to grasp but may be overwhelming if one attempts to cram.

Though the course provides an introduction to mechanical engineering, there is nothing in the course that is essential to your progression in the said major. Nevertheless, it is an adequate eye-opener to the courses you will take should you declare the major.There are a total of 7 module instructors, 2 teaching assistants and 1 course coordinator (Prof. Hong Tao) responsible for the direction and delivery of the course's content and lectures. Each lecturer is highly knowledgeable about the content they deliver, but they generally do not offer anything outside of reading off the lecture notes.The content during the first two weeks is very boring, but 2 modules afterwards: Aerospace Engineering and Solid Mechanics is pretty alright.KIM Jang Kyo is okok, he tries to engage with the class, and you can tell he's passionate about aerospace engineering.As long as you do all your assignments by looking through the PPTs, you'll generally get above 95 for assignments. During the midterm, you're allowed to bring in a one page, double-sided, handwritten cheat sheet.

TRY AS HARD AS POSSIBLE to cram as much as possible inside.1 assignment every other week, not a lot to deal with. Especially since all the answers can be found in the PPTs.lecture notes: many many topics and concepts, but each topics only give u a brief intro. prob have to memorize them all for the mid term and exam. very boring cuz every topics u will just know the surface w/o understanding. ALMOST NO CALCULATIONS. just give u manymanymany mech terms

4 modules:
-aerospace engineering(aircraft structure,jet propulsion,gas turbine)

-mechanic and material(static dynamic, solid mechanic, engineering material,metal, polymer material,ceramic and composite)

-thermodynamic (heat transfer, fluid dynamic,energy,building,environmental preservation)

design & manufacturing (engineering design,controls, mechanic of machine, robot and automation)u are a beast if u can keep awake and listenTwo lectures a week. One lecture consist of ~50 slides of pictures and text. Only covers VERY basic mechanical engineering courses.

- Introduction
- Engineering ethics

- Aerospace Engineering
- Aircraft Structure
- Propulsion
- Gas Turbine

- Materials
- Solid Mechanics
- Metals
- Polymers
- Ceramics
- Composites

- Thermodynamics
- Fluid Mechanics
- Heat Transfer
- Energy
- Environment

- Design
- Sensor
- Control
- Robots
- MEMSWent to almost all of Professor Ng's lectures, even though most of the times he just reads the presentation slides.

Never really memorized the contents ( as what Professor Ng always say in his lecture), but I took time to UNDERSTAND his lecture as well as the ppt shared in canvas.Over 60 pages of power point for every lecture, only factual information through out the whole powerpointit is moses, you knowThe grade only depends on mid term and exams. Hence both of the mid term and exams purely assess you for remembering the factual information in the power point. It will be easy to secure b range if you revise hard enough and try to remember all the teaching materials.No course work and on multiple choice for both mid term and exam. Attendance is not taken and hence the lecture is not particularly helpful, you can just show up in examsthis course includes most of the topics in mechanics so it should be a really useful tool to know if mechanics suit you.
you can learn a lot from this course and most of them are pretty easy to understand.
however, the extensiveness and comprehensiveness of this course's content may make you suffer in exams.I fell asleep in nearly every lecture even if I tried so hard not to.
he usually read directly from the lecture notes so it is not necessary to attend his lectures but his lectures are a very comfortable way to have a pretty good understanding of the content.
besides, for some topics, explanation is not adequate for thorough understanding so extra time may be needed to understand the ideas.the content cover many different topics, including aerospace, material and thermodynamics, so there are just brief introduction to each topicshis lecture is boring, he just read out from the powerpoint
so the lecture is absolutely useless, i only attend 3 classes in the whole semestervery good grade, very easy to get an A, i got an A- without many revisions
all MCs in mid term and exam, only need to remember all the content in the powerpointno workload, no homework at all, only 1 mid-term and one finalIntroduction to mechanical engineering
Covers:
aerospace
materials
thermofluids
design
Do not involve physics or mathematical calculations at all

They go unnecessarily deep into some of the topics.The lecturer reads off the power points so there is no point of going to the lectures. Honestly, it is more efficient to study by yourself after printing out the lecture slides.This course 'introduces' what mechanical engineering is...

Seriously,this course SUCKS. The course just covers a bunch of facts that you probably don't need and want to memorize. Since none of the facts are really logical,important or deep, you need to REMEMBER every single part of it. Only a few equations are mentioned in 500 pages powerpoint ,and hell you don't even need to understand them because they are not included during the EXAM!!
You learn absolutely nothing from this course except some facts that you will completely forget after the test.

JUST MEMORIZE THEM ALL,NO CRITICAL THINKING NEEDEDProfessor just mostly read the powerpoint directly, sometimes talked about his personal experience which was not interesting at all.

Professor also hated people being late,and he was super impatient as well.

Doesn't really matter tho because you will skip all the classes later on.A lot of the stuff is trivial until the instructor goes in way, way too deep. What you get from the course is a bunch of words you don't truly understand.

Introduces a lot of equations, none of which are reviewed in the exams. Does not explain how they're used, they're probably there to decorate his powerpoint slides.Does not excuse one for the washroom, yells at latecomers (ergo discourages them from coming altogether). It's like having a teacher form primary school.

Prof. NG does not really understand his contents, which will be apparent upon discussing course contents with him personally.

In short, attending the lectures gives you the experience of verbalised power points.The course to me is pretty much memorisation...
Around a new chapter per week, that means a whole new part to memorise :D :D

The biggest problem is that the course is too broad, and the linkage from topic to topic is too weak. It feels as if I can understand a whole new topic without any understanding of another. I didn't enjoy studying this course at all.

If you are only taking this course as a common core course for sciences, unless you are an expert on memorisation, or you like memorising, I would not recommend you to take this course. Instead, MECH1902 is much better, and should suit business students more.The teaching is boring, what Prof. Moses did was just reading through all the slides. Didn't think the lecture actually helped a bit on studying the subject. Reading through the slides by myself is good enough anyways. The Prof. didn't give out study materials for us to deepen our understandings anyways. To me taking the lecture is just a waste of time.

The slides did help a bit since it's exactly the exam material, but I don't think it actually helped on deepening our understandings. It is mostly based on factual stuff that could only be memorised. And the topics are so broad that I don't think there would be any understanding achieved.
TL;DR: Broad but not deep, focuses on memorisationThere are 22 lectures in total, covers many topics as follows
1.Introduction
2.Engineering Ethics
3. Introduction to AE
4. Aircraft structure
5.Propulsion
6. Gas turbine
7. Materials
8. Solid Mechanics
9.Metal
10. Polymer
11. Ceramic
12. Composite materials
----------MIDTERM EXAM-------------
13. Thermodynamics
14. Fluid mechanics
15. Heat Transfer
16. Energy
17. Environments
18. Design
19. Sensors
20. Control
21. Robots
22. MEMS

Lecture 3 and 4 were taught by another aerospace professor.I admit that he sometimes just read from the PowerPoint slides. However, he would share his personal experience, such as how his friend fixed an air conditioner with sensor problem or how a company test for battery safety. If you ask questions, he would be very willing and patient to answer you.Not recommended.
Wide range, big span.
Just skiming thru things. You can about have the same effect as looking it up online if you wannna achieve a brief understanding on mec engineering in general.Lecturer goes over ppt with us.
reading it out, occassionally giving a few remarks on this or that.
Ineffective.
Can't give you a deep impression on much of anything.Each lecture is talking about one whole course in http://year2-4.So you know how much you need to memorize. There will be 50 slides in each lecture. If you want to major mech, you will study those topics again but in more detail.Boring
'You talk, I don't.'
'I talk, you don't'
Powerpoint speaker
Poor prepare for mid term and final.
There are always mistakes in the mid term and final AND he doesn't allow students to ask about the mistakes.
Useless TAThe course content allows you to understand what mechanical engineering is about. Though it gives you the brief understanding of the field, it is a meaningless course. All you need to do is to memorize the lecture slides before  the exam.Moses is just reading the lecture slides directly. So do feel free to skip all the lecture.general mech eng background that will get you some idea of what mech eng is about but no physics or maths required at allthe professor reads off the powerpoint so in the end of the sem not many turn up to the lecturesnot bad. even if you don't attend the lectures you will get a decent grade by just memorising the powerpoint notesdepends on your memory skills and your willingness to attend the lectures. if you have a great memory and do not attend the lectures, this is the lecture for you. no homework.An introduction course to mechanical engineering. The course mainly covers 4 areas: aeronautics, materials, thermofluids and design.
There are about 22 lessons, about 50 powerpoint slides per lesson.Lessons are boring because the professor only read out the words from the powerpoint directly. You can skip all lessons and read all powerpoint slides by yourself at home.Engineering Ethics

Aeronautics
•Aerospace Engineering
•Aircraft Structure
•Jet Propulsion
•Gas Turbine

Materials
•Engineering Materials
•Solid Mechanics
•Metallic Materials
•Polymer (Plastics) Materials
•Ceramic Materials
•Composite Materials

Thermofluids
•Thermodynamics
•Fluid Mechanics
•Heat and Heat Transfer
•Energy and Energy Utilization
•Modern Buildings
•Environmental Preservation

Design and Manufacturing
•Engineering Design
•Sensor and Instrumentation
•MEMS
•Controls
•Robots and Automation

You won't believe how in-depth you are required to know by just looking at the list of topics. I won't do the talking. See the attachment and judge yourself.

The course might give you a "brief" exposure on the field of Mechanical Engineering, but to your surprise, this course has no calculations at all. Only pure memorization will be needed to excel in this course. What a shame.First things first, I wanted to give a D- or E+. But as I can only choose a D or an E, I could only go for a D.

In life, there are often times when you would question yourself on the decisions you make. Well, choosing this course is definitely one awful decision.

It just hurts you so much when you wake up early, attend the 9 am class and end up having the lecturer reading the powerpoint slides. It hurts even more when you think about the tuition fee you paid.

Apart from reading the slides, the lecturer often shares some of his personal experiences, which nobody finds them interesting.

He is a bit cocky as well. He claims that he makes no mistakes when making the exam papers. He even laughs at students who have 2 exams or more on the same day, saying "that's life" with a giggle.

The only good thing about him is that he is open to any questions and will answer them. But nobody asks him questions most of the time.2 lectures per week, every lecture you have a powerpoint pdf that is about 40 page.
The exam itself really tests how you remember his lecture notes.
Exam is all MCs.
The content was too much for an introductory course.
There are sometimes practice questions (not compulsory) for you to practiceHe just copied some contents from Wikipedia.
Also, looks like he is bad at organizing, sometimes lots of wordings appeared on the same ppt slide.the worst and bad course I have ever had when I staying in http://ust.So much ppt,more than thousand page how can I remember all the context plz be considerate ,I am human not computer !  .(edited after Civil 3510 in 2017/2018 fall )The lecture context is so boring and the instructor voice monotony so that many students sleep in class.Even more,the assignment question have never been teach in class and the instructor just throw it to students and when I ask the instructor personally he was just said " Are you university student ?It is so easy even primary school student can do it".What I have get is just instructor insult but not knowledge.Moreover,when we got back the assignment ,the instructor was never explain the ans clearly.Therefore,we do not even know why we are wrong and learn.This course is just wasting my time and making me feel upset to ust . (edited after Civil 3510 in 2017/2018 fall )24 different topics such as aerospace, engineering materials, thermodynamics, environment and robotics. All of them give you a basic idea of what is the topic about. There are on average 50 slides per topic/lecture. An assignment slide will be attached at the end of the lecture notes for your own reference.The professor basically just read out the words from the powerpoint slides. So in my opinion you can just skip class and study the lecture notes in your own time.Too complicated.
Totally not suitable for Year 1 freshman.
Moreover, sources of some content are from Wiki, which is quite untrustworthy.He directly follows the PowerPoint slides, saying every word. The teaching is completely rubbish.

I'm sure that he did not have any education training before.cover everything about mechanical engineering, but it is too much for a year 1 student to take in. the professor may think it is easy, but it is only limited to himself, it is definitely too hard for studentspowerpoint: cramped with words and information, hard to see from the back of the lecture hall
teaching style: he just basically read every single line on the powerpoint, and he would tell jokes in every lecture, but only he can laughThe content are related to the syllabus of mechanical engineering major. The course introduce many basic information about mechanical engineering, for example, propulsion system, engineering materials, what composite material is, what ceramic is... The content is very abundant but boring.Exceptionally poor. What the lecturer did was just read the slides directly without any explanation. Do not expect the slides is written in organisation. Just directly copy from wiki. So, you can imagine how boring it is when the lecturer read the slides.Do not be fooled by the lack of the word introduction in the course title. This is a shitty introduction course through and through.

Every introduction course tries to touch on every aspect of the subject, and as a result never go into depth on anything. This ends up with the student learning a bunch of worthless trivia about shear stress or something, and never really going into depth about the mechanics and the maths about the subject. If you're a freshman, know this: DO NOT TAKE INTRO COURSES UNLESS YOU NEED THEM. INTRO COURSES ARE COMPLETELY POINTLESS.Compounding the issue is that the professor is not good. His English is passable, but his delivery is boring and awkward as hell, and he mostly just reads off the slide. You really might as well stay home and read the slides to yourself.

It's also really hard to escape the impression that the professor doesn't give a fuck about the course. The midterm was the most atrocious piece of English I've read in a while.as an intro course, i think it could not fulfill the need of arousing students in the corresponding professional field. it includes several topics which i think it s too broad but not detail enough. i could not spot the mainpoints in all topics. in turn, what we could do is reciting every single words in the powerpoint.
indeed, i had tried to do some research on the internet in order to understand the content instead of reciting it. and all my feedback would be the support from the lecturer is far from enoughactually, he was just making me hate mech, he s just making me fall asleep. i think his attitude is bad coz he refused to answer most of the questions from us including the curriculum and the exam paper.
one interesting fact is that the the no of students enrolled in the semester is 350 but throughout the whole sem, i could only see around 100 students every lecture i attended.A very broad range of topics on MAE, introductory course of mechanical engineering. Can get a brief understanding of what can be learn in mechanical engineering.Long ppt of around 40-50 pages per lesson. Prof. is only reading the ppt. Maybe he may mention extra things that is not in the ppt, but mid-term and final are testing things in the ppt. Better don't late for his lesson nor early leave, he says that is not respecting the lecturer and he will suggest you just don't attend the lesson.This course generally introduces the basic fields of mechanical engineering.  The area of focus of it is very broad, first it starts with the engineering ethics, describing responsibility, ethics and morality that are required by an engineer. Then there are four ppt introducing aerospace, for example the structure, the propulsion and the turbine.  The next part is about different materials, anyone who have studied before chemistry should be able to get this part easily.  The next part is some basic physics, such as thermodynamics and heat transfer, those who have studied physics before may find it quite easy.  The next part is about building and environment and design, merely memorizing all those main points in the first two ppt and the different stages of design in the third ppt in this part will be fine.  The last part is about robots, just like the previous part, memorizing all those key points will do, of course memorizing the details will be even better, but one can already get a fair grade with the main points.The professor just read out the lines in the ppt.  Lectures may not be a must to get a good grade but he sometimes pointed out and emphasized certain graphs, those pages and graphs that he emphasized may be more likely to appear in mid term and final.About mechanical engineering, include building, aircraft, fluid, etc.
But it is too wide so I think this course can only provide you a quick scan of MAE.It is boring and sleepy. Prof Ng just reed the ppt in the lecture.
Honestly, I did not attend most of the lecture...50% midterm, 50% final
All MC, and the midterm materials will not accumulate to final. The final only include the second half of the course.
All the questions are come from the ppt notes. So if you can memorize all the lecture note (about 50 pages ppt/lecture, and about 10 lecutures for an exam.)... Congratulation, you got an A+!!!
In fact, what I can say is, this is a "fair" course. If you spend your time to memorize the useless ppts, yor can get a good result.Workload? for this course? Are you kidding me?:D
no hw, no project, no tutorial... moreover, like me, no lecture. So 0 workload, just tough for your exam.Useless and annoying contents. Memorization demanded a lot.  It is possible that some of the contents are from Wikipedia.
I just wanted to learn Mechanical Engineering at the very beginning of the first semester of my university and pre-enrolled in this course. However, it has been proved to be a mistake. If you want to study ME, I suggest that you'd better avoid this course.A waste of time but a good opportunity to fall asleep if you are sleepy. The lecturer read from the notes most of the time.content is very large and it does required a lot of remembering. However, it only cover the basics of mech engineering which is very easily to understand. It is apt for all UG students because it is a introductory course about mech engineeringteaching is quite boring, he just refer to slides, it is better to learn by yourself rather than attending  classes in order to save time. it include about 21 slidesbrief introduction to mechanics topics
contents copied from wiki.
he just copy and paste the equation but they are not tested in the exam. at the end i dont know what i have learnt....moses is a very traditional professor and i dont think his style is inspiring. no discussion during the class and no interaction between students and profesor.1. A lot of rote memorisation is required.
2. Content in itself is not hard to understand, but students have to be vigilant during the Multiple Choice exam, as minor differences in wording can throw you off balance.  
3. Lecture slides given by special lecturers (profs aside from Moses) are very vague and have little text, so you will have to attend these classes to keep up.Reading ppts word to word. Not interesting at all. Might as well study in room.
Also teacher has a bad temperamentIt basically teaches about basic information about mechanical engineering. Introduction, materials, mechanics, etc. Even though they are all new to any freshmen if you just memorize everything it would be easy to get good grade.The professor just reads the power points. No need to go class. I just went first few lessons and just studied by my own.Mostly general idea of what mechanical engineering comprises of, but a lot to take in cause at average there are 40 slides for each lecture. Most of the slides are filled with things that are not explicitly explained.The instructor just reads through the slides through out the lecture.The content of this course is a bit comparable to the shape of Prof. Ng's body - very wide but not much depth.

There is a 40-60 page powerpoint that stuffs everything into it for every lesson, each time covering a different topic. Many of such are too detailed / unnecessary to be covered in an "introductory" course. This course probably is one of the worst courses in terms of content design.

Occasionally he invites other professors skilled in a particular area to teach in one or two particular lectures. The downside of this is that usually those professors do their powerpoint slide organization and structuring worse than Prof. Ng, making it difficult for students to study.I think i do not need to stress again that all he does is to read from his powerpoint slides...?

Also some may advice you not to arrive late at Prof. Ng's class. That may be true, though in my opinion the more important issue is do not leave early in his class, as he will most likely stop talking and shout over the large LT that leaving early is rude and disrespectful.

Usually when the student is not interested in the content and left the lecture due to disinterest, then I can understand his anger. Though in other cases, e.g. if you need to leave midway to attend a meeting or other important matter, I recommend you not to attend the lesson in the first place.The teaching materials are wide but not precise. You have to study 4 major fields about mechanical engineering, some of the contents are quite easy and interesting. But, in overall, you have to study a lot boring and fundamental knowledge. ( about 40~50 slides in one chapter and the courses have 24 chapters in total )Basically, the teacher is drunk. Sometimes, he teaches in a funny way, sometimes he get angry when you talking in class. Don't be late for classes, you will get scolded too.There are four parts to this course:

1. Aeronautical
- Aersoapce Engineering
- Aircraft Structure
- Jet Propulsion
- Gas Turbine
- Avionincs

2. Materials
- Engineering Materials
- Solid Materials
- Metallic Materials
- Polymer (Plastics) Materials
- Ceramic Materials
- Composite Materials

3. Thermofluids
- Thermodynamics
- Fluid Mechanics
- Heat and Heat Transfer
- Energy and Energy Utilization
- Modern Buildings
- Environmental Preservation

4. Design and Manufacturing
- Engineering Design
- Sensor
- Instrumentation
- MEMS
- Controls
- Robots and Automation

The course is crammed with quite detailed facts about these topics. Eg, different types of aeroplanes, different types of materials and their compositions. Some of the topics are interesting.I went to the lecture once. The first one, and I left halfway through that as well. I wouldn't necessarily say Professor NG is bad at teaching. Rather, the course isn't really about teaching. The lectures are basically the Professor reading aloud the powerpoint presentation, plus a few explanations. I personally found it better to just go through the powerpoint slides on my own and google search some of the parts that required more explanation.I can't say it's boring, I think it's just because of the person who's making the slides is just simply trying to incorporate all the so-called technical stuffs into a single course...Moses speaks quite good and fluent English, but sometimes he's quite mad on those students who didn't pay attention to class, thus sometimes he'd stop teaching and start complaining... which pretty much disturbs the flow of the course.The course is meant to introduce freshmen to many mechanical engineering topics you may visit later if you pursue the mechanical engineering major. The course does achieve this, in that the content is basic, and does not require any previous knowledge in the subject. However, it remains at a very basic level throughout the semester, as it tries to introduce a new topic every lecture and therefore is never able to create depth. Therefore, at most the content would make you curious about those topics and search them up in your free time.The course is not really taught, rather it is just read to you. The professor uploads the presentation slides after, and sometimes before lectures. During the lecture, he stands at the front of the lecture hall, and just simply reads the slides to you. Occasionally adding an anecdote of his past experience in that topic.

He did bring some other professors in, who did try to teach. But this was rare.Prof. said it is an overview of the Mechanical Engineering, and it truly includes many different topics in Mechanical Engineering. The PowerPoint slides are full of words and words. There are no graphics to explain what the the points are talking about.

The contents are in a wide scope, and so each topics would cover only a few slides. Therefore, I think the contents could not let you see the full pictures of the mechanical engineering.Professor would not discuss each slides of the powerpoint since there are not enough time to go through all the slides (there are at least 60 slides, full of words as I've mentioned.

Rather, he will selectively choose a few slides and go deep into it with his own points of view on that topic. And he will extend to other topics that are not relevant to the course material.Includes all the introduction of mechanical engineering courses.
Aerospace
Thermodynamics?
Material
Design
You won't really remember them after exams. It would not be interesting if you are those people who like practical skills, as this course has lecture and lecture notes, without lab or tutorial or even mathematics.Professor is nice, willing to chat with you or answer any questions. His office is open and himself is really very nice to any students. You may say he is like a secondary school teacher, but I like it.
But in lessons, he is simply reading lecture notes with providing very very little supplementary things.i don't think it is all related to mech with loads of wordings
a lot of info to memorizeboring with guest lecture
only repeat the ppt content
without any explanationit is a shit grading
i got a mean in midterm and receive nth in final and finally i got a c+
in addition, the grading system is not well transparent. I receive nth and then i got a C+, no paper checking session. is it fair to each student?
i do think there is impression marking as well.nth to do witha bit boring but can give you some sense of wt to study in mech major, if you hv interest in majoring mech or aero, it will be a great course for you to determine if it fits youIn Moses we trust, he teaches well, an interesting professor in my opinionEverything you would want to study about automobile mechanisms.When I was studying it was a blended learning mode. Professor recorded the introduction of the materials and its a discussion session in lectures. Students will be expected to have listened to his video and have learnt the basic before you go in.
TA again from mainland so holding a strong accent but still pretty helpful.It made use of blended learning (canvas you read the notes before lesson (supposedly) with discussions in class). Some of the question in the discussion in class will appear in midterm/ final)
All about a car, like brake, transmission, suspension, rotating, u-joints, differentials. I am a normal girl with no knowledge about it but I can catch up by studying most of the notes and discussion notes.He is quite keen on teaching, but the TAs (li Chen, qianhang Yan) could be better in the ways of slowing down a bit in lab sessions.(According to the lecture notes provided by prof)

• Overview of the automotive engineering industry, including
its history, development and current state.
• Understand the major and important aspects of your own car,
i.e., the engine, transmission, drive-axle system, suspension
system, brake system, control, etc.
• Managerial and operational aspects of modern automobile
companies.Lab is fun. You are required to use software to assemble a car at the end of this courseThis course explains all mechanisms in a functioning car such as steering, engines, transmissions and so on.They adopted blended learning for this course this semester and I hope they change it back to normal.

Each week, they would upload the teaching materials for the coming lessons on CANVAS, where we had to go through the slides ourselves and prepare the answers based on another set of slides related to that topic.

Lectures can very become monotonous and boring at times.Content is appropriate. Engines, transmission, suspension covered in detail for a 1000 level course. But interest in cars is very much needed to excel in this course.Teaching is not good as it is blended learning from 2015. But this may change as the professor said it might change back to normal if many students don't prefer this style.

Good TAs.All the basics of how a car works ( parts of a car, transmission, steering, suspension, gears, differential, braking, etc.) + intro course to Solidworks.
The content itself is very interesting and probably the most interesting in terms of introductory mech courses.
Learning Solidworks is very very useful, whether you choose mech as a major or not, and it mkaes the course quite fun (unless the program keeps crashing... ) and since computer barns now have the software installed, completing the project is easy.Sigh... Another bad professor in mech. Very boring, horrible English and horrible ppt slides. The information is clearly copy pasted, and some of it is even wrong. Since it's the only material provided in the course, it's a bit sad. Don't really bother asking a question, you would be better off looking up the answer online rather than asking him and get both him and you confused...The content basically goes though the whole mechanism of car functioning including steering, strokes of internal combustion engine, differentials and so on - literally everything you have in a vehicle would be explained. However, the way it was explained deserves F grade... The course also includes labs where you have to build some parts of the car like an engine or a steering system using a computer software (SolidWorks if I'm not mistaken). The labs were as bad as lectures, there were like 40 students in each and just 2 TAs (sometimes just one), and you have to raise your hand for like 10 minutes before TA can come and help you, unless you are a pretty girl of course  (and yeah, you have to raise that hand for like 1000 times cause the software you gotta be using is quite laggy and difficult to work on - business student writing). Gotta admit though that the content itself was very interesting, but I would advise you rather to get to know all these things through wikipedia or youtube than signing up for this course...Horrible, prof speaks poor english, makes a lot of grammatical mistakes in an exam and his lecture slides and videos. Furthermore, seems like this dude never drove a car himself and was teaching based on info he got from scrolling 9gag or 8fact. At one point he was claiming that the more miles per gallon a car can drive the less efficient it is. TAs were SLIGHTLY better than the prof.

Sometimes, prof would leave the class 20 minutes before the end with out asking if we had any questions or needed any help and let his TAs show us some "cool" stuff...

Summing up: the worst teaching I have experienced at HKUSTThis unparalleled CC course covers most mechanical systems of an automobile, and
will probably be a chance for getting a good grade, if not an eye-opener.
To be honest, I'm genuinely interested in Automotive Engineering, this course is one of the many reasons motivating me to opt for UST.
The teaching topics are arranged in terms of the major car systems:
Week 1 Introduction
Week 2 Preliminary Knowledge*
Week 3 Internal Combustion Engine (3.1~3.3)
Week 4 Internal Combustion Engine (3.4~3.7)
Week 5 Midterm exam
Week 6 Manual Transmissions
Week 7 Automatic Transmissions (5.1~5.3)
Week 8 Automatic Transmissions (5.4~5.6)*
Week 9 Axles & Drives
Week 10 Brakes
Week 11 Suspensions
Week 12 Steering
Week 13 Final Review3 classes/ week supposedly, they are supposedly in such sequence:
1) pre-recorded Lecture* Watching (video+handout in CANVAS)
2) Physical Lecture (known as 'in-class interaction')(once a week)
3) SolidWorks Lab (need to take your attendance)

The professor seems passionate.

The lab echoes what has been taught in the lecture of the week, of course, it has easy assignments.

The only things to complain are the proficiency of English of the TAs & the hurried demonstration.
During the lab sessions, one of the TAs particularly struggled, prompting many students to ask him questions in PTH instead.
*remarks:
1) Only watch the video if you ain't motivated go through the entire handout yourselves, as he basically reads the handout.
2) During the demonstrations in LAB, NEVER TRY TO FOLLOW the TA unless he stops, because you can hardly catch them up.
My advice is to first observe how they do the assignment,
subsequently try on your own and ask ur TA after the demonstrations.The content is related to basic automotive engineering in which you are given an introduction to different components of automobiles. If you are slightly interested in automobiles, you should definitely take this course as it does not require any pre requisites and it enhances your knowledge a lot. You also get to learn the most widely used design software, SolidWorks.Since the content is very basic, teaching does not matter much. However, the lectures sometimes become boring and monotonous.The topic surrounds on applying control to systems. It starts with introducing closed loop systems, Laplace transform, and goes until PID controls, root locus and frequency response.

Aware that even though this course has no pre-requisites(and yet, well-justified since you don't really need much knowledge beforehand in order to take the course), you have to be prepared for the level of content this course will reach, since it is so different to anything else you have learned from other mech courses(which is due to it being a math course in disguise of a mech course). Although this course has Laplace transform, taking Math2351 beforehand doesn't help too much since all you have to know about Laplace transform is that differentials and integrals become powers in the Laplace space, positive and negative respectively.

The midterm and final exams are open book exams. However, it is strongly recommended that the content of the course is well-understood before the exam, especially for the finals since the final is extremely time-intensive.The teaching is fine, but a bit boring since the professor is just giving some more supplementary information to the powerpoint (and to say, the powerpoint provided in canvas could be messy since all animations are removed, and you might need some more time spent on other internet sources in order to understand root locus)

The TA sessions however is useful since it really focuses on the methodology and suggests different main points where students may make mistakes. Please take note that even if you don't want to print the lecture notes for the exams please do print the TA notes as they are the most useful and holds most of the main points.Basically about control system. You will learn PID controller. Calculation involve MATH2351 stuff so you better have studied it. Control principle is useful and this course cover most of them like how to simplify control system to transfer function and choose gain for specific performance of the control system.Probably because of 9am lesson, the number of attendees kept dropping. I was one of those not attending the lesson.
According to my little experience, his teaching was not bad. He provides quite a number of examples. However, you will better learn by youtube since they will be easier to understand.Laplace transformation
Spring-mass-damper
Some circuit
Signal flow diagram
Block Diagram
Mason Gain
PID control
Root Locus
Bode plotBoring
you can never catch up on his speed
Just go library and study by yourself
Everything is on canvas
Notes have no steps and wrong sometimes

TA is very nice and you may want to go to tutorial
Just email him if you have questionsfirst the topic cover Laplace transforms and transfer function . The course goes on by discussing stability through different method and theory with transfer function. Generally speaking, the content is quite hard and require lots of time to digest and understand. Background with Math 2351 will provide a better start in this courseThe ppt already contain 90% of the content. Professor only add few new teaching on the ppt and explaining the ppt whole time. Luckily, Professor make it quite clear and understandable so the teaching is fair.Lecture is about design and manufacturing. You will learn basics about design like engineering design, tolerance and manufacturing like casting, extrusion etc. Basically the content in lecture are not actually tested in final exam, nor related to the project at all. Since there are PRS questions, you have to practice your ctrl f skills. The term "blended learning" means that you have to attend the lesson on time to take prs, but the lecturer will cover the material again ==.
Solidworks will be taught in tutorial and will be very useful especially on the report.Lecturer very nice and wise. However, these are not related to your project nor knowledge. Their teaching are boring like reading the notes, but will ask student to answer making it less boring. Quite interesting lectures.
Tutors are all local so communication was not really a problem at all.Content itself is actually really interesting and will be useful in the future. Unfortunately MAE department has placed this course in Spring semester therefore some students will understand better when they have done Industrial training during winter. Sadly also the lectures materials aren't used as much in the group project so the course itself is pretty distinct.
My group project was about a pedal kart design and it at least is something pretty interesting however they changes sometimes or every year I supposed.Lectures are only once every week and they have changed the course syllabus in this semester so it will be each of the professor teach a half.
You won't need much help from the professor because just by doing the basic will take you most of the time. Michael and Robin are pretty kind on explaining to you if you ask them on what do they expect and for advices, but then be prepared they actually expect like a TON.Content:
Engineering Design – Creative process; Design specification; Design evaluation; Product Lifecycle Management; Design Portfolio
Engineering Drawings - Communication tool; Drawing standards; Orthographic projection; 3D drawing
Dimensioning and Tolerancing – Basic concepts; Dimensional tolerances - Limits and fits, Cummulative tolerances; Geometric tolerances and measurement
Material Selection -Types of materials; Design for X (Strength, Deformation,..);
Material Specification and EvaluationDesign Evaluation: Quality function deployment
Design for Assembly
Design for Manufacturing
Design for Manufacturing:Primary manufacturing processes - Mold and die related processes (casting, molding, forming, sheet metal forming, powder metallurgy, composite manufacturing)Secondary manufacturing processes: Machining processes: (turning, drilling, shaping, milling, grinding and abrasive processes, non-traditional and thermal cutting processes)
Tertiary manufacturing processes – surface finishing processes (cleaning and surface treatments, coating and deposition processes)There are a lot of information which  had mentioned during the lesson. Although they are very meaning for studying MECH, not useful for the project.
The teaching of the lab is quite good, if you miss the lab, you can make up in other section.
Although it is funny and important to learn Solidworks, it is useless for the project. I think the skill of solidworks should be very important for an other essential mech course in year3 because some year3 student came to the lab section for practicing.Teaching content is very board, covering the basic element of design and manufacturing, such as the material, tolerance, machinery and design scheme. The course required a group project, in that semester is about a warehouse robot.professor is fully experienced, they can always question all the all answer. BUT, the TA seems not very familiar with the course content so their teaching is kind of confuses. Also, the TA and Professor is not welly communicatedThe content is very much what you will expect from a "Design and Manufacturing" class. Very informative, relevant, and also interesting. Topics covered: drawings (tolerance, GD&T, surface finish), material selection, material processing, design for X.This semester, I think they made the wrong decision to use "Blended Learning" as the teaching method of this course. In-class teaching becomes rushed and a bit repetitive (since you would already read and research about the topics covered in the PowerPoint yourselves). Besides these, Professor Matthew and Vincent both are very knowledgeable in all of the topics they talk about.- design and engineering  specifications
- systems and subsystems division
- 2D drawings and annotations
- tolerances (basically the only topic of this course)
  - dimensional
  - geometrical
  - hole/shaft
- manufacturing processes and materials
- jigs and fixturessome of the worst I've ever had.
Prof keeps rambling fancy words in sentences that don't really make sense, but you still need to listen to figure out what he secretly wants in is reports.

very vague when giving assignments, and gives last minute explanations, so you cannot really manage your time well. He can change submission deadline at any random time and doesn't give any detail as to what he wants and how the reports are graded.

labs are pointless if you know solidworks, if you don't, you should practice in your own to get satisfactory level or hope your teammates can use it. but in the lab alone you don't learn much about CAD to be able to use it professionally.Introduction to the engineering design process and engineering graphics; design specification, concept generation, and concept evaluation; geometric construction, sketching, orthographic projection, auxillary views, sectioning, dimensioning, tolerancing, and working drawing. For students under the four-year degree only.Very good and very professional professor.  Can learn a lot from this course through the project in engineering field.  He always provides good ideas.opinions and hints for project however quite demanding.solidworks skills in tutorial are practical and useful.
The lectures helps prepare us to think as an engineer.Very kind profeesor.
Nice to chat with and learn more to talk with him than listen to his lecture.turn out a good grade after a lot of hard work.Quite a lot of work =_= reallllly
For tutorial, you have to hand in two assignment on the solidworks drawings and the tolerance...
For the project, you have to work in groups to design an industrial machine. Need a lot of research and cooporation of groupmatesThe content are useful and inspiring, while midterm and final are easy, so just work hard on the project. The project is to design for a industrial system to achieve certain purpose. Most likely it's about senses and creativity.Teaching is interactive, very nice professor but he is going retire.Quite simple content of theories with a lot of questions. But it has covered all the things. You can refer to the book to have more explanations if you don't go to the courses (but actually even you go you can still have many questions).I could feel that Robin (MA, Lok Wang) seldom prepare for this course (He was in charge of 2 more difficult courses). He read his  courseware and kept asking students do more exercise (actually he was right...). But the course was so boring that I fell asleep again and again.Course Topics:
1. Types of forces, moments and couples
2. Equilibrium and free body diagram
3. Description of forces and moments
4. Equilibrium equations
5. Trusses analysis, methods of joints and sections
6. Frames and machines
7. Kinematics of particles
8. Rectilinear and Curvilinear motions of particles
9. Kinetics of particles: Newton’s second law
10. Equations of motions
11. Angular momentum of particles
12. Kinetics of particles: energy and momentum methods
13. Conservation of energy

I would say it is the in-depth or enhanced version of PHYS1112. If you did quite well in PHYS1112, you won't have any big problem in this course.3 hours lecture on the same day, which is quite long and boring. The professor just follow the content of ppts. i skipped most of his lecture and self-study the content.lecture 1 : introduction and statics of particles
lecture 2 : rigid bodies and equilibrium
lecture 3 : distributed forces
lecture 4 : analysis of structures
lecture 5 : internal forces and moments
lecture 6 : kinematics of particles
lecture 7 : kinetics of particle
lecture 8 : energy and momentum methods
lecture 9 : system of particles
lecture 10 : kinematics of rigid bodiesFairly Good
TA is helpfulCourse Topics:
1 Types of forces, moments and couples
2. Equilibrium and free body diagram
3. Description of forces and moments
4. Equilibrium equations
5. Trusses analysis, methods of joints and sections
6. Frames and machines
7. Kinematics of particles
8. Rectilinear and Curvilinear motions of particles
9. Kinetics of particles: Newton’s second law
10. Angular momentum of particles
11. Kinetics of particles: energy and momentum methods
12. Conservation of energyThe professor's English is not that good as she has a very strong Chinese accent. Other then that, she answers student's questions.
Make sure you use spend listen to her very well during the class, most of the exams are from what she discusses from the class.Fundamental course on the analysis of the equilibrium and dynamic behavior of mechanical systems. Statics: equilibrium of particles and of rigid bodies; distributed forces; analysis of structures, including, trusses, frames, cables and beams. Dynamics: kinematics of particles; kinetics of particles, Newton's second law, energy, momenta, impact dynamics; systems of particles; kinematics of rigid bodies; kinetics of rigid bodies in two and three dimensions.Teaching speed is suitable and providing a lot of examples in the lessons. Prof. Ma is willing to listen to students opinion in order to adjust the content in the lesson and the finals.Fundamental concepts for mechanical engineering.

Statics: Total Force (in x y z directions) = 0
             Total Moment (in cw/acw directions) = 0

Dynamics: a=dv/dt
                  v=ds/dt

Basically these are what spend (bother) you the whole semester. Not difficult to understand if you have studied PHYS before.Robin is a passionate teacher but his teaching techniques really need improvements. He tends to do examples in class instead of explaining. If you feel confused about the contents, please raise your hand to ask.Fundamental course on the analysis of the equilibrium and dynamic behavior of mechanical systems. Statics: equilibrium of particles and of rigid bodies; distributed forces; analysis of structures, including, trusses, frames, cables and beams. Dynamics: kinematics of particles; kinetics of particles, Newton's second law, energy, momenta, impact dynamics; systems of particles; kinematics of rigid bodies; kinetics of rigid bodies in two and three dimensions.It's ok but he talked with a few examples.  It is advised to read books and do additional questions for revision after lessonsFundamental course on the analysis of the equilibrium and
dynamic behavior of mechanical systems
 Statics: equilibrium of particles and of rigid bodies; distributed
forces; analysis of structures, including, trusses, frames, and
beams
 Dynamics: kinematics of particles; kinetics of particles, Newton's
second law, energy, momentum, impact dynamics; systems of
particles; kinematics of rigid bodies; kinetics of rigid bodies in
two and three dimensions.midterm: 3 long questions on statics ( easy)
final: 3 questions on statics,3 questions on dynamics (very difficult)


Fundamental course on the analysis of the equilibrium and dynamic behavior of mechanical systems. Statics: equilibrium of particles and of rigid bodies; distributed forces; analysis of structures, including, trusses, frames, cables and beams. Dynamics: kinematics of particles; kinetics of particles, Newton's second law, energy, momenta, impact dynamics; systems of particles; kinematics of rigid bodies; kinetics of rigid bodies in two and three dimensions.slow process
do examples in the lecture
bad tutoringStatics and Dynamics.
Statics: Total force = 0 and Total torque = 0
Dynamics: a = dv/dt, v = ds/dt, F = ma
That's all to it. Structure might be a bit more complicated than PHYS1112. However, simple questions are really simple. Difficult questions... everyone can't do. So don't be afraid of it.Tons of example on lesson. You can choose not to attend but I think it is quite fun to listen to Robin Ma. He is a nice person and funny person. No need to go to tutorial at all since they are completely useless.This course deals with heat transfer phenomena including conduction, convection and radiation. The basic things of these 3 processes are learnt in high school, and this course gives a deeper treatment of them in a more mathematical way and teaches you how to apply those knowledge in engineering applications. Read other reviews for the details of the course content.

Conduction part is easy, but convection is another world because it requires knowledge from Fluid Mechanics (MECH 2210). Review the content from MECH 2210, or you aren't able to understand even one word from the lectures on convection. Although the radiation part is about Modern Physics, we just need to know the results and use them.

Overall, this is just a computation course, for if you use the correct formula and plug the numbers correctly, you can get the right answer. The concepts are not that difficult if you have a strong foundation on thermodynamics and fluid mechanics. Better review MECH 2310 and 2210 before studying this course!Professor can clearly bring out the concepts we need to know from this course, though she has some Mainland accent. The teaching pace is appropriate for everyone to know what's going on. She would sometimes derive the formulas on the lecture notes using whiteboard or a piece of paper. I highly appreciate this, though the derivation is not required.

I skipped all tutorials as it is at 9 am!- 1D Steady Conduction
- 1D Transient Conduction
- External Convention
- Internal Convection
- Natural Convention
- Radiation Transfer

The mathematics involved in the derivation of different equations and theorem are complicated, but they are useless in general. Instead, how to apply correct equations in different situations is more important.Compare with other MECH professors, her teaching style and English  Proficiency is better. She will explain the proof of different equations in detail which may useful in homework. Lecture powerpoints contain some example questions which are useful in revision.It's essentially applied Physics and focuses on the principles of conduction, convection and radiation. Supposedly, you should have learnt this in earlier Physics classes and it just explores them in more depth. It is much more simpler than MECH 2310 (thermodynamics) and I would say more pratical.If we're only looking at MECH professors, she is already one of the better ones in terms of teaching style and clarity. Much better than most of the professors already.Transient and steady heat conduction. Natural and forced convection. Radiative exchange. Introduction to computational methods.

Basically three modes of heat transfer: conduction, convection, radiation

Contents are rather easy to understand.Ok teaching I will say,
She will explain with details for calculation parts, for the derivation of eqs. she will really write it out so her flow are easy to followThe lecture notes and textbook contain a lot of mathematical deduction of formulas that is useful in the exam, but in general they are unimportant. It is enough just to remember the method how equations, results and tables can be used to solve the problems, as well as setting the correct assumptions.

The mathematics at the beginning may frighten the students, but the applications of concepts are rather easy.

Topic 0: Introduction
- Modes of Heat Transfer
- Review of Thermodynamics
Topic 1: 1-D Steady Conduction **
- Governing equations
- Thermal circuit in Cartesian and Radial Systems
- 1-D Steady Conduction /w energy generation
- Extended Surfaces (Fins)
Topic 2: Transient Conduction **
- Lumped Capacitance Model
- Semi-Infinite Solid
Topic 3: 2-D Conduction: Numerical Method (Optional)
Topic 4: Convection ***
- Internal Convection
- External Convection
- Natural Convection
Topic 5: Phase Change (Optional)
Topic 6: Radiation ***
- Radiation Intensity
- Black and Grey Surfaces, Kirchoff's Law
- Environmental Radiation
- View Factors
- Radiation Exchange Between Surfaces
- Multi-mode Heat TransferHer teaching in terms of English Proficiency is good relative to many MECH professors. She is patient to the questions raised by students.This course deals with the fundamentals of aerodynamics, starting off with a reiteration of fluid mechanics from MECH2210, and then describing the various theories linked with incompressible flows, compressible flows, subsonic and supersonic flows.

Prof Larry does an excellent job in linking the theory and mathematics behind each concepts to their actual application in real aircraft.Larry is hands down the most engaging and one of the best professors in Dept of MAE.

He takes the effort to engage with as many as students as he can, and is very approachable and helpful.

Also, his slides are very easy to understand and comprehend the material from.1. Review of fluid mechanics
2. subsonic flow:
Thin Airfoil Theory
Lifting Line Theory
3. supersonic flow:
Shock waves
Prandtl-Meyer expansion fan
TAT for compressible flow
4. transonic flowProf. Larry Li is definitely one of the best lecturers in UST. He explained the stuff clearly and in a vivid way. The course materials were also well prepared.
In this semester there was a little design project that gave us some bonus marks. It was in fact quite fun to play with and would enhance your understanding in designing airfoil in my opinion.Some fluid mechanics introduction in the first two lectures. Guys with MECH 2210 background can handle the course easily.Larry explained the contents clearly. You can feel he is a professor full of passion.We didn't get the final marks. But the final exam is not difficult at all. Just get the cheat sheet well-prepared, and pay attention during lectures is already enough to get a good grading.One homework in every one and a half to two weeks. Each homework didn't need much time to do it as there is a tutorial every week teaching the assignments. No quizzes. Only have assignments, midterm exam and final exam.Similar to material one but with more in depth knowledge in stuff like composites and organic materials.

Don't depend on the professor though. So please make sure you either read the book or get the Charles Kwan's notes. Charles' notes are apparently a lot better. Sadly he left, and even sadder Sherry Chen is taking over this course.This prof is a failure in teaching, she doesn't point out the important parts in the notes. Actually, the notes don't have any useful information, and turns out to be useless when you revise for midterms or finals.
Also, she doesn't explain many things, and assume that all her students have already PhD level of knowledge.Continuation of MECH 2410 syllabus, but with more diverse covering, useful course for people interested in materials and design.
Uses the same textbook.

- Atomic structure and crystallography review
- Ceramics
- Polymers
- Composites
- Corrosion and degradation
- Electrical properties
- Thermal propertiesPoor organisation, poor lecturing, poor notes, very late grading, inconsistent and vague as to what is tested in exams, can be disrespectful to students and TAs alike.
Some inconsistency between teaching notes and textbook, and some confusion n the formulas as well